There are a lot of non-fundamental
factors that are going to interfere with
markets and cause volatility.
>> The market is finite and we've already
seen some volatile days.
>> It's a little white knuckle moment that
we're going through intact. Liquidity is
the most important factor for these
markets to keep on rallying.
>> I think this year we have the chance
that we beat earnings nicely. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance with Jonathan
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloom surveillance
starts right now. Coming into Thursday,
tech stocks bounce. Equities looking for
a firmer footing going into the SpaceX
IPO as higher than expected capex at
Oracle is spooking some investors. Open
AI is reportedly considering drastic
price cuts in a renewed push to take on
anthropic.
>> There are two sides of a similar story.
Both of these indicate that the pace of
spending is increasing
disproportionately. And the story with
OpenAI shows who's going to pay for this
because ultimately customers are pushing
back. You saw this with Uber cutting
back some of their token usage as a
result of just really high costs. Is
this the death now? Right? I mean, how
can a place like OpenAI end up financing
the incredible capex expenditures that
the likes of Oracle just keep
accelerating without the revenues from
higher fees?
>> Just frame this moment. It's an
important moment. We're questioning both
the price of the product and the cost of
the buildout simultaneously.
That's a tension that we've got to
resolve and pretty quickly. And think
about the push back we've seen so far in
just the last week. Meta in the FT
considering raising equity capital.
Stock market pushes back. Super Micro
yesterday looking to raise $7 billion in
equity. Stock gets absolutely hammered.
Oracle spending higher than expected
push back again this morning. That push
back is building.
>> You've been asking and we've all been
discussing when would the capital
markets start to say, "Hold on one
second. Are we seeing the beginning of
that?" And this is really what people
have to start asking ahead of all of
these huge IPOs, OpenAI among them as
they cut prices and potentially margins.
The key issue is that the spending is
accelerating and Oracle just highlights
that $20 billion more in capex that
they're expected to do uh for this
foreseeable future. Goldman Sachs coming
out with a report saying that capex
spending probably is going to equal
something like $1.4 trillion next year
versus less than a trillion dollars. All
this coming with markets just reaching
this indigestion point and you just
start to wonder how much this will curb
some of that AI enthusiasm
>> because it's so big so quickly what the
market needs to digest. But when it
comes to open I open AAI, it's like
they're chasing those enterprise
customers that Anthropic already has. So
they really almost have no choice if
they want to keep up with where
Anthropic is. You know what Anthropic is
saying? I love this part because I focus
on policy. He's saying the US government
and Washington need to start regulating
better and we might have to have some
more policies in place and guard rails
in place. Lisa's shaking her hands. I I
know cuz because it's the CEOs talking
about what Washington should be doing
and it probably won't. is because it's
saying everybody else, you guys can
freeze. We're ahead. Let's just stop the
clock at a certain point if it's self-
serving.
>> I'm always skeptical of companies asking
for the regulator step in right
>> for the others.
>> Come on. Let's talk about crude as well.
Brent and WTI. This is the scene right
now in the commodity market. Brent at 92
down 1% on the session. WTI still
trading in the 80s even though the US
and Iran have been traded strikes.
>> They've been they have these strikes.
The president says he's going to
continue if Iran refuses to come to this
peace deal. Remember I spoke to the
president. He said two or three days
there' be a peace deal. Well, now we're
back to hostilities, kinetic warfare
right now, but potentially this could
push Iran to the negotiating table. The
president also put out a truth yesterday
saying more barrels are getting to the
market. That's an interesting story and
it'll be good to put some numbers on
that.
>> Let's talk about the morning ahead of
us. Later this morning, 8:15 Eastern
time, an ECB interest rate decision. Let
me remind you of some dates. July 2008,
April 2011, July 2011. Can you add June
2026 to that list of policy mistakes?
The ECB hiked into GFC. The ECB hiked
into the Eurozone debt crisis not once,
but twice.
>> And ultimately, the market is pricing in
something similar this time. The idea
not just of a rate hike today by the
European Central Bank, but a rate hiking
cycle. We now have two full rate hikes
priced in in both uh today and then
again in September. Even though the
growth outlook is souring, even though
you don't see the same momentum in the
European region that you do in the
United States, does this require a
rethink of the single mandate central
bank or is this just sort of the
destination and the path of travel? How
does a currency respond? Do they reward
rate hikes or do they reward the
potential growth that comes perhaps
being less restrictive? I think a lot of
people in FX would worry that you'd
punish the decision, not reward it.
Equity futures this morning positive by
3/4 of 1% on the S&P 500. Coming up this
hour, we'll catch up with Julian Emanuel
of EverCore as Wall Street awaits the
mega SpaceX IPO, Mahayaja of the
Carnegie Endowment of International
Peace as the US carries out another
round of strikes on Iran and Angela
Zenino of CFRA as Oracle falls on plans
for a massive capex push. We begin this
hour with stocks recovering as SpaceX is
putting together its historic public
offering. Jun Emanuel of Everor
suggesting the bull market has room to
run, writing, the SpaceX IPO is not an
end point like the AOL Time Warner
merger in Y2K. It's a data point on the
way to higher prices. Julian joins us
now for more. Julian, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> It's hard for people to internalize
given the move we've seen off the low
that maybe the FOMO and the meltup is
ahead of us and not behind us. Do you
think it's ahead of us? it has begun.
But actually, if you look at the last
five days and the sort of buttoning up
of sentiment and the caution that we've
seen again in these last five days, I
would say that the the true FOMO, the
wildeyed buy at any cost, uh, whatever
it is, I'll take it is is still
potentially ahead of us. And but if you
think about it though, the market is
really digesting all of this pretty
well. Think about the headlines that
we're dealing with this morning. We had
strikes overnight. We've got the, you
know, the premier uh AI company talking
about uh price wars. Uh we've got uh you
know, the marquee software company uh
that is dealing with the, you know,
capex issues, all of that negative. And
yet the stock market is incredibly
resilient in front of really a landmark
moment.
>> Well, let's sit on the third point. the
signs of fragility, the push back to
Oracle, the push back to Super Micro,
the push back to Meta, that's adding up,
is it not?
>> Look,
and I think we've said this in in past,
it's become a market where it's not
actually even billions anymore. It's
trillions that that we're talking about.
And yeah, 85 billion here, uh, 75
billion there. It really does add up.
But it also speaks to the incredible
liquidity conditions that we're seeing.
And in fact, and and part of the reason
that despite the geopolitical
disturbances of the last several months
is that the economy came into this
incredibly resilient. And what did we
find out last Friday? The labor market
is a lot stronger than we could have
ever imagined it would be.
>> Jibana stock investors want to keep
paying for something that customers
don't even want to pay for. I mean
ultimately, isn't that the message
coming from OpenAI that people don't
want to pay the prices that are being
charged even though that's what's being
financed essentially in bond and stock
markets?
>> So there's certainly a push back to the
look, there's a push back to every
aspect of inflation in our environment
right now, whether it's, you know, token
prices or cattle prices or or gasoline
prices. But I think when we look at at
at how AI has progressed over these se
last several years, the Jevans paradox
seems to continue to be operative. If
token prices come down, which there's
every indication that they will, you're
probably going to get increased usage.
>> Is it uh telling to you that we've seen
this bout of volatility really come
along with yields being the highest
relative to the earnings yield in the
S&P 500, a relative uh metric going back
to 2003? I mean essentially bonds are
offering a more attractive proposition
as yields go up and as some of the
valuations go up and you see this
relationship kind of become a little bit
more even. Well, and and and actually
it's a rational response, right? I if
you look at fi classical finance theory,
the point is long duration assets, high
value assets like technology stocks
should be more sensitive to higher
yields and that's what we're seeing. But
ultimately when you look at at past
episodes of structural bull markets like
the one that we're in, you know,
compared to let's say uh uh the internet
in the late 1990s or frankly Japan in
the late 1980s, you had a tolerance for
higher yields as long as the economy was
continuing to move forward and
confidence which has been lacking on the
consumer side even though there's been
spend remains stalwart.
>> Can we talk about the consumer side for
a second? The Wall Street uh the
Washington Post has a story out this
morning that oil executives are going to
the White House and saying they're
concerned that gas prices are going to
rise. What happens when we hit $5 a
gallon?
>> Uh that for us is is is white knuckle
time. We have made you know made it
clear that the work that we did around
prior oil price spikes when the war
started in March really showed that the
window
given the strength that we came into at
at the war in terms of the economy and
the strength that's remained you've got
about sort of four months and literally
$4.50 50 cents or tripledigit WTI, the
strains will start to show in the
economy and likely the stock market. Um,
which again is why I think there's such
a sense of urgency coming from
Washington to figure out how to solve
this.
>> No sense of urgency in the oil market
right now though, right? It's pretty
impressive, isn't it? 92 on Brent, 89 on
WTI.
It is quite impressive and and you know
I think perhaps speaks to the
president's uh statement yesterday that
uh we're able to get barrels out of the
straight one way or the another crude
down this morning. Equities higher up by
3/4ers of 1%. Julian Emanuel of Avacore
will be sticking with us this morning.
Let's get you an update on news
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey Vonnie,
>> good morning John. Thank you. Oracle
shares trading lower in the pre-market
as its data center costs overshadow its
AI growth. The company reporting capital
expenses that came in higher than Wall
Street estimates. Shares are up nearly
30% over the past two months.
The European Central Bank set to raise
interest rates for the first time since
2023 due to rising inflation caused by
the Iran war. Economists are expecting
the central bank to hike by a quarter of
a point. Surveillance will have complete
coverage of the ECB rate decision at
8:15 Eastern.
Anthropics CEO showing support for
government regulation of AI. Dario Amod
writing in an essay the government
should have the power to block AI
developers from deploying new models if
they present certain risks. Ammoday
saying there should be mandatory testing
by third parties. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Appreciate it.
More from Vonyie in about 30 minutes
time. Quick programming note for you.
happening right now. The Bloomberg
editor-inchief John Mikwway sitting down
with the Andro CEO Brad Shim at the
Founders Forum about the role AI plays
in defense and military technology. Any
headlines we get from that, we'll bring
them to you. And next on the program,
we'll be talking about the latest in in
the Middle East escalating pressure on
Iran.
>> We're going to be attacking them and
attacking them very hard. We'll see what
happens with the deal. We were we were
really close to a deal, but they keep
tapping us along. They keep playing us
for suckers. Joining us in just a
moment, Mahayaja of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace, plus
more with Julian Emanuel of Epicor, live
from New York City with the mug in prime
position from New York City
>> and my outfit.
>> You're watching Bloomberg TV.
8:30 Eastern time. More data for you. We
get some jobless claims a little bit
later this morning. Heading into this at
8:15, an ECB rate decision. 30 minutes
later, a news conference with Christine
Mard. I mentioned the hawkish policy
mistakes that this ECB, this institution
has made previously in 2008 and 2011. Go
back to the '08 decision in early July.
That hike came on the same day that oil
peaked because believe it or not, back
then they were also concerned and
freaking out about crude. It was also
the same month that inflation peaked.
The ECB made a series of mistakes here.
Never mind that that was going into the
GFC and that they repeated the act in
2011, not once but twice. These are the
questions being asked in Europe right
now about this institution going into
this hike that's widely expected.
>> And it's not just going to likely be a
hike. There'll be a rate hiking cycle.
People are talking about the potential
that oil prices are peaking even though
maybe we haven't gotten a resolution yet
and that inflation will likely come down
in the region. Again, how much history
can rhyme?
>> Ollie Crook on the ground in Frankfurt.
We'll catch up with Ollie a little bit
later this morning. Equity futures on
the S&P elevated, bouncing back from two
days of losses, a two two-day losing
streak, the longest of the month so far,
up by 3/4 to 1% on the NASDAQ. We're up
by 1.2. In the bond market, we're
behaving just a bit. Twos around 412,
10's around 450 still. That runaway move
at the back end of the curve has settled
down as well.
>> Yeah, even yesterday we saw a 10-year uh
note auction that went pretty well. It
actually uh performed in the after
hours. Today, we get more and do we get
the same kind of reception is going to
be key, especially for a 20-year auction
that typically is a little bit hairy.
Ultimately, is this a way of people
saying suddenly bonds are looking a
little bit better as the proposition for
AI is looking maybe a little bit more
skeptical under the eyes of all of this
capex spend
>> might be in the hands of the commodity
market at least for now. Crude Brent WTI
putting back just a bit. We're down 1%
even with this taking place in the
Middle East under Savadas this morning.
Escalating pressure on Iran.
>> We're going to be attacking them and
attacking them very hard. We hit them
hard yesterday and we're going to hit
them again hard today. We'll see what
happens with the deal. We were we were
really close to a deal, but they keep
tapping us along. They keep playing us
for suckers. All they have to do is they
have to start signing a paper. It's
fully negotiated.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president vowing more attacks on Iran if
it does not agree to an interim peace
deal. The president telling Fox News
Iranian officials called him directly
last night asking him to stop the
bombing. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall has
the latest. Good morning, Tyler.
Hey, John. Good morning. Well, the White
House is framing this latest escalation
as a way to force Iranian concessions at
the negotiating table after President
Trump accused Iran of dragging its feet
to make a deal. Now, we should say that
Iranian state media did deny that
Iranian leadership held a direct call
with President Trump yesterday after US
forces launched strikes against dozens
of military targets. We saw Iran
retaliate too, launching strikes against
multiple US bases across Kuwait,
Bahrain, and Jordan in what is now the
worst flare up in fighting since the
ceasefire was announced back in April.
Iran's foreign ministry is saying that
this latest wave of strikes means that
the ceasefire is quote effectively
meaningless. But the message from the US
is that President Trump is still
committed and thinks that a diplomatic
deal can get done. The issue is we know
that there are just still so many
sticking points that has been fueling
this mounting frustration from the White
House, mainly including the straight of
Hermuz. As you mentioned earlier on the
program, President Trump yesterday said
that so far the US has helped to guide
200 ships carrying 100 million barrels
of oil, he says, through the straight in
recent weeks. as Sentcom new this
morning is denying. Iranian state media
reporting that the IRGC is trying to
tighten its grip over the waterway and
has stopped all commercial traffic uh in
the wake of the US strikes. This is
definitely John raising the alarm of of
course across the region as we start to
see some more regional partners enter
the conversation. Iran has confirmed
that a Qatari delegation landed there
yesterday in a bid to help the peace
process get back on track. Tyler Kendall
in Washington. More from Tyler in the
next hour. Tyler, thank you. Let's build
on this conversation. Mahayyaha of the
Carnegie Endowment for International
Peace writing the following. Neither
threats nor an escalating military
confrontation will sway Iran at this
point. The regime has adjusted and is
doubling down even further. Maha joins
us now for more. Maha, welcome to the
program. We're losing trust by the day.
How can we negotiate and find a deal
with a lack of trust?
>> Very difficult. Uh, good morning first.
Thank you for having me. But it's very
difficult to find a diplomatic uh
outcome that is fat satisfying to
everyone uh with the ongoing military
confrontation. I think the ongoing
military confrontation, the escalation
in military targeting is going to make a
diplomatic outcome less likely rather
than more likely. Um the lack of trust
between the two parties was very much
there even prior to the USIsraeli uh
attacks against Iran earlier this year.
Uh and now they've even they've deepened
much further. Iran views the US as an
unreliable partner. Um and one that has
pulled out of a previous agreement, the
JCPOA, uh that they cannot trust what
the United States is saying. And the
United States is seems to be unwilling
to negotiate or to acquies to some of
Iran's um if you want non-negotiable
from its end demands. So it makes it
very difficult. Basically the bottom
line uh of what the US is offering is
still not meeting or the best of what
the US is offering is still not meeting
uh the bare minimum of what Iran wants.
And that makes the gap only grow uh
wider in many cases.
>> Maharan's economy is though facing a
severe crisis. At one point will that
hit the top layer of the regime and the
individuals that are in charge with
making decisions.
>> It's not clear to be honest. It's very
clear that people have adjusted. Um the
regime has found ways. I mean they they
were already preparing for this uh since
uh the last round uh which was in in I
think it was April uh 2025
when uh Israel and Iran uh had the
12-day war. So Israel was excuse me Iran
was already preparing for the
eventuality of a conflict a direct
conflict that would involve the United
States. Um
it's not clear at what moment this will
hit uh and whether it will begin
impacting them at this point with the
direct attacks by the US and Israel on
Iranian uh infrastructure. Uh we heard
this morning that water facilities have
been targeted with precision missiles
which actually could constitute also war
crime. the uh Iranian people are
rallying around the the the country. I
wouldn't say the regime, but their
country. They see it as an external
attack. And therefore, the potential of
people taking to the streets, I mean,
that's the way it would start hitting.
Uh if people start protesting, taking to
the streets, etc., is not going to
happen.
>> Mah, do you think this goes through the
midterms?
>> Does does the regime hold on until
through November? they they most likely
can hold on till through till till
November whereas President Trump wants
this over sooner rather than later. Um
everything we've been hearing is they
were on a cusp apparently of uh a very
viable deal prior to the launch of this
war. Uh I'm speaking the the first
round, not this current round. Um but um
with the assassination of Kamei, with
the assassination of Lanjani and other
key members, uh the regime has shifted.
It's reshuffled the decision making
processes. All indications are that
Mushtabi is holding the levers of power
and they've become a lot more hawkish
than the uh previous regime if you like.
Um, so it's it's they can hold on till
November. I think they're counting on
their ability to hold on till November
and making it very difficult for the uh
for President Trump, but also for
ordinary Americans uh as inflation
mounts, as the price of the uh barrel of
oil increases, etc.
>> November. Maha, thank you. No one's
thinking about November here right now.
Not in this oil market. Mahayaha there
of the Carnegie Endowment for
International Peace November. Check this
out from the Washington Post. Amarie was
talking about it moments ago. Oil and
gas executives have warned the White
House that gasoline prices could surge
in the coming months as fuel inventories
fall to critical lows. Julian Emanuel of
Everor is still with us. Julian, that's
the tension right now. Oil market's
telling you one thing. Not much is
happening because we're drawing down
inventory so quickly and the executives
are still on edge. And if you're in the
equity market, you've heard it a million
times over the last 3 months. you start
ignoring it. When do you have to start
paying attention again?
>> I I I think really again we have sort of
targeted the 4th of July as kind of a
seinal date in in things that are
happening. I I if if we are taking the
same approach that we're talking about
right now uh you know an an unmoving
hardening regime in Iran and uh
Washington who really doesn't see how
the endgame evolves
that's likely going to further send the
price of oil higher and and and in our
mind that's the biggest threat frankly
to the entirety of this bull market. It
isn't the the capital raising. It isn't
the questions around capex. It's whether
the economy can weather a persistent oil
price shock. So far, it has. But
>> there are two ways to look at this. On
one hand, that more barrels are getting
through the street for moves than people
realize and that actually there is a
leakage here uh that is easing some of
the supply constraints. The second is
that no one wants to trade oil because
you're just going to get blown out. It
is a very difficult move. Which is it?
>> It's both. It it it's absolutely
>> not happen this morning.
>> Well, no. No. Think about it a couple,
you know, when when when the president
first said that there were going to be
further attacks, uh, the price of oil
went from down $3 to down 250. And I
mean, it was like there was no pulse
whatsoever.
>> There is some energy getting through.
We've seen some of the headlines coming
through. In fact, the president
addressed that just yesterday.
>> The president spoke about it, but then
you look at what Adno is getting
through. Kuwait is starting to send some
more barrels to China. I saw some um
work being done in Iraq as well trying
to get oil through but it's not where we
were precrisis and the issue of course
is going to be this race against time
where inventories are because they are
very low right now.
>> Jim, it's good to see you. It's great to
catch up. This story in the Middle East
right now is ratings death. Like if you
want ratings right now is just surround
yourself with rockets and sit down at
the NASDAQ.
>> New York Knicks and the Knicks the
rating and put on a Knicks jersey,
right? What do you say about Iran?
Headline on headline off. Let's just
>> It's a political story. The president
went a lucky charm around a studio.
>> Futures bounced this morning following
two days of losses up by 3/4 of 1% on
the S&P on the NASDAQ up by 1% on the
Russell up by 1.3. Plenty of reasons out
there right now for this stock market to
still be down. But here's your bounce
going into that mega IPO tomorrow. In
the bond market would look like this.
Twos, tens, and 30s. The focus on the
ECB this week on the Fed next week. It
is crazy to think that this ECB with the
economy they have in the Euro zone right
now is hiking interest rates because of
an energy shock and inflation when we've
seen that act not once but twice in 08
and 2011. And it didn't end well at all.
And right now I'm looking at the
economic projections for the Euro region
and we're looking at 1.2% growth in GDP
so far for this year 1 and a.5% next
year 1.6% 6% the following year with CPI
expected to come down to 2% by 2028 and
they are going to be hiking into that
and this is the reason why people are
saying wait a second hold on this is
going to be a policy error and yet if
you are a single mandate central bank
how do they get ahead of inflation that
is creeping higher without taking a move
and that is part of the issue of being a
single mandate central bank
>> that decision at 8:15 Eastern time 30
minutes later news conference with
Christine Lard the ECB president let's
finish on crude Brentton WTI on Monday,
session high 98. Since Monday, things
have got worse, not better. And yet,
Brent crude is at 92 and WTI still in
the 80s and we're down 1% on the
session.
>> It's kind of crazy to look at this board
and see WTI below $90 a barrel. As you
see in the Washington Post, oil
executives are going to the White House
and saying we are concerned. There is
reason to be concerned given where we
are in inventory levels. I think the
market is just saying maybe we could
live with this even if the straight is
closed longer. The president says more
crude's getting out and we are also
seeing Kuwait, Adnock, Iraq, they are
able to get more barrels out. The issue
is of course peak driving season. This
can get tenuous if these strikes
continue.
>> No one believes the headlines. I mean
say whatever you want. This is happening
that's happening. People are like la
tell me when it's over or tell me when
it accelerates then I can trade it.
Otherwise I'm going to get blown out if
I try to take any side in this. I
believe in price particularly in
commodity markets and particularly in
the physical market because you have to
clear demand and supply at spot and
clearly we're getting the supply now
we're getting it from certain places
like inventories and it's coming down
really really quickly so you can
stabilize price for now and this is what
the energy executives are worried about
once you get to critical levels you get
this nonlinear move in the other
direction it's really dramatic and fast
it's like the pandemic in reverse that's
the story here so don't get too
comfortable with where things are at
right now because things can change
really quickly.
>> I would agree with you. This is a point
that Jeff Curry has been making. Helimov
put out a great note yesterday talking
about how the price corrective mechanism
just isn't working because people aren't
worried enough and you are getting about
two weeks, three weeks away from tank
bottoms and at that point you will have
that nonlinear move but the music's
still going. So keep on dancing and the
Knicks just you know ended up winning.
>> Keep winning, right?
>> Yeah.
>> In five.
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> Right. Okay, good.
>> I hope so. Then we move over there. We
got
>> we sort of like focus on a World Cup.
Have you done your bracket?
>> Uh, you've not done a bracket yet?
>> I've done my World Cup bracket. Yeah, I
might make some tweaks, but I've done
it.
>> AC Milan in the cup. I know. God forbid.
>> Not in the World Cup.
>> I know. Not a country bra.
>> You know what she meant. And it's a sore
subject that Italy is not in this World
Cup. And it's sad. It's like pathetic.
>> BRKT on the Bloomberg terminal. If you'd
like to do your break,
>> who do you have winning?
>> I have a Brazilian at home. So, I have
Brazil winning whether I believe Brazil
wins or not.
>> Happy wife, happy life.
>> Precisely. So, they need to win. This is
a real passionate bracket.
>> Three hours away from the cash open.
Some morning movers. Yahara has more.
Hey yara.
>> Hi John. Despite another quarter of
blistering AI growth, we are seeing
Oracle shares falling 7.3% in the
pre-market after the company said it
will spend more than projected to build
out AI data centers. And that came as
Oracle left its sales outlook largely
unchanged, leaving investors wondering
where the payoff is from all that
additional spending. Moving on to the
chip stocks. They are staging a comeback
today with Nvidia up 1.2%.
Uh some of that having to do with Oracle
spending plans helping to reinforce the
demand story. But you also had a note
out uh from Morgan Stanley on the memory
name. So Micron and Sandis saying that a
correction was necessary after a massive
run and that they do not see the memory
cycle over for now. And we end on JD.com
and Alibaba. The Chinese e-commerce
giants. Both are weaker in the
pre-market after CCTV reported that uh
Chinese regulators scolded the companies
publicly for miss for what they're
calling misleading promotions ahead of a
big holiday uh shopping day next week.
This is just the latest move by Chinese
regulators to crack down on uh race to
the bottom discounting in the sector.
John
>> Yari, thank you. Thanks for the update.
On our radar this morning, Oracle
falling in the pre-market. The company
reporting larger than expected capex
driven by increased spending on data
centers. Those costs overshadowing
Oracle's AI growth. That stock is down
by 7%. Elsewhere, Democratic Senator
Elizabeth Warren asking the SEC to delay
the SpaceX IPO. Warren citing concerns
over the company's historic $ 1.8
trillion valuation and Elon Musk's quote
unquially unchecked power in the
company. And finally, OpenAI considering
drastic price cuts in an effort to win
customers from rival anthropic. The Wall
Street Journal reporting this morning
the company could reduce the cost of
so-called tokens in anticipation of a
similar move from Anthropic.
>> This is getting a lot of attention
because it's raising the ultimate
question of is AI getting to be too
expensive at least the most extreme uh
and cutting edge models for rank and
file companies. In other words, is the
target audience maybe not as big? The
addressable market not as big as some
people have been projecting as they
increase their capex dramatically.
Citadel put out a great note talking
about this. this are we going to see a
bifurcation in the AI sphere where
suddenly the frontier AI models are
going to go to a couple of well-healed
in uh customers and the rest of the
universe is going to look for
commoditized cheaper versions to execute
basic things like picking your bracket
for you. So ultimately we're going to
see how this shakes out but it's a
warning shot at a time where some people
are getting worried about costs.
>> That's good. I should maybe use Claude
to pick my bracket. Also in this Wall
Street Journal story they said the move
would be in anticipation of similar cuts
the company expects at Anthropic. So, at
the same time these companies are going
to market, they're going to be having to
cut prices.
>> We're cutting prices and at the same
time we are pushing back against the
price of the buildout. Something doesn't
work there, Lisa. Something doesn't
work.
>> Which is why Oracle shares are down more
than 10% this morning or now they're
down 7%. They were down more than 10%
earlier this morning. At the same time,
overall the NASDAQ's rallying. Overall,
people are flooding back to this market.
There's just a break in the narrative.
Is this an open AI story or is this a
broader story for AI? And that I think
is really the key question.
>> Let's spend some time on that. Oracle
shares this morning sliding as high
spending is spooking investors. As I
say, their stock is down by more than 7%
this morning. Angela of CFR maintaining
a hold rating on the stock and a
12-month price target of 194 writing,
"We expect Capex to remain aggressive in
the foreseeable future, which is more
burdensome to Oracle investors compared
to better capitalized hyperscalers."
Angelo joins us now for more. Angelo,
good morning and good to see you. Is
this push back going to change the
strategy of the company?
>> Yeah, John, thanks for having me. You
know, I I think when you look at the the
Oracle strategy here and you kind of
look at the metrics overall, I mean,
there were a lot of good things that
happened, right? I mean, most
importantly, I'd say that RPO number um
did increase. They are it does appear
like that increase in RPO is a bit of a
diversification also away from OpenAI.
That's a good thing to see. But also
importantly, they didn't necessarily
boost their their forward expectations
in terms of revenue, right? Which to me
might also tell me that maybe there some
of those open AI commitments might be
being pushed out further down the line.
Um, but that being said, I mean, you
look at what's happening right now, you
look at the GPU utilization rates within
Oracle's data centers, they continue to
be high 90s. um those metrics are
extremely uh you know they're important
in the sense that hey listen the
everybody's buying their capacity so
they need to continue to spend
aggressively so I think that it
justifies the higher spending um but
that being said I mean and you look at
the the revenue run rate right now
you're looking 20% plus you know this
quarter um expectations in the following
year north of 30% and we think north of
40% the the following year thereafter
but you know maybe to the point you guys
had just referenced one is the demand
going to be there as we kind of look
ahead. Um, but right now everything is
telling you that it is going to be
there.
>> Well, Angelo, to that point, there are
exponential increases in capex at the
same time that customers are starting to
push back on the margins. And maybe
these are anecdotal stories, but do you
think that it's a warning shot that
OpenAI is thinking of cutting prices at
a time when capex bills are just going
to the moon?
I it's a warning sign in the sense that
hey listen I mean if demand was as
strong as it was right I mean you
wouldn't necessarily need to cut prices
but in the same respect I mean you kind
of think about the the longevity of AI
and how this kind of works out over time
I mean prices do need to come down um
adoption rates need to continue to
increase and you kind of get this um you
know this circular pattern in many
respects where over time the greater
adoption rates will continue to to fill
those those fac you th those data
centers and as a result you need to
continue to aggressively spend and as
you get that volume continuing to tick
up um that hopefully does justify um you
know those the investments. So, um, a
lot of moving parts, but, um, you know,
as long, again, I I think right now the
place you want to be is on the chip side
of things because it doesn't seem like
there's any end as far as some of these,
you know, some of the the spending goes
and when you kind of look at some of
these IPOs that are going to come out
here over the next couple of months. I
mean, clearly all of those proceeds are
going to be reinvested right into that
AI infrastructure build, right? So, um,
again, the place to be continues to be
semis. Angelo, it's not whether AI is
real and whether it is truly
transformative. It's what price
investors are willing to pay for it and
how much money they're willing to fork
over and frankly how much cash is still
quote on the sidelines as people have
been saying for the past 30 years and
they keep saying, "Do you think we're
reaching the limits in terms of just
valuations given the fact that people
believe in the story?" Yes. But they're
getting a little skeptical of how much
they're going to be on the hook for
ultimately what could be something not
only of a commodity but just utility.
>> Yeah. I mean, I I think I think you've
got a point there. I mean, when we think
about um you kind of look at just the
token generation that we've seen here
over the last couple of months, right? I
mean, clearly to your point, AI is real.
Um demand is exploding. Enterprise
companies are bl you know, blowing out
their budgets. Um you know, in a short
period of time, and they continue to to
increase their AI budgets. Um so, you
know, from that trajectory, everything
continues to, you know, to be good and
and as a result, you continue to to
justify that higher spend as we kind of
look ahead. um you know to to the extent
of how this all plays out. I think in
many respects, I mean, if you're a
hyperscaler and you're generating the
the tens of billions of dollars that you
are um in cash flow, you're going to
continue to blow out um you know, your
your cash flow um to continue to invest
in AI in many respects because you've
got all these new emerging entrance out
there that are is really kind of taking
business that in some respects um should
be yours, whether they're be they're
NeoClouds, whether they're new IPOs that
are coming out um that that's business
that's potentially yours. So big tech in
in many respects does have a big problem
in the sense that they need to continue
to aggressively spend no matter the
circumstance as well as the fact that
you've got new competitive pressures
that are entering the market. So um
you've got you know a number of kind of
moving parts there as well.
>> Angel, how far behind is open AI from
anthropic when it comes to the
enterprise customer base?
>> I mean it's tough, right? It's tough to
really say. I mean we'll see I guess in
in the coming weeks hopefully when we
see some of these S1 filings out there.
Um I would say listen um you know when
you look at OpenAI clearly they've been
um full throttle in terms of on the
enterprise side of things. So they're
clearly a step ahead. um you know based
on anyone you you'll kind of talk to I
mean clearly most enterprises will
continue to favor some of the
applications that um OpenAI has rolled
out and not to mention what they've done
across the stack going from those LLMs
to the enterprise applications that
they've rolled out um I think is
significantly superior to what we've
seen from OpenAI thus far. Open AAI
realizes they do need to catch up in
many respects. Um again to to what
magnitude they can cut that down we'll
see. Um, but clearly the focus on open
AI up until a couple of months ago has
been equally or maybe a little bit more
tilted towards the consumer side of
things. We're now realizing as far as
monetization of AI, maybe they should
have tilted a little bit more to the
extent that uh, Anthropic has.
>> So Angela, what do you make of their
push, their openness, if you will, to
have a conversation about giving up
equity to the US government? Is that out
the goodness of their heart to share the
profit or is this about sharing the
burden?
it's probably sharing the burden a
little bit, right? Um I I also think,
you know, potentially there is an
opportunity here um for AI uh open AI to
get a little bit more uh entrenched and
connected with the US government. I
mean, we'll see what the opportunities
are going to be out there as far as um
sovereign AI initiatives goes, right?
But um as far as open AI is concerned um
I think kind of developing you know a
stronger connection with the US
government is probably a good thing for
them um on a number of fronts whether it
be kind of um sharing some of the
obligations out there or whether it be
potentially finding new revenue
opportunities that maybe the US
government can help them with.
>> Angela appreciate it. Thank you sir.
Angela Zena there of CFR might be good
for OpenAI. Is it good for the US
government?
>> Is it good for us? Right. I mean,
ultimately, if they're going to be
sharing the burden at a certain point,
great. It would be good for them. Is
that really uh what we want to see?
>> Yeah. NASDAQ futures this morning by
more than 1%. No one really wants to say
it, do they? They're kind of hesitant.
They know what they think, but they
don't want to say it right now.
>> Nobody wants to come out and say that
Open AI is overvalued and perhaps is the
story that is a bit of the Trojan horse.
And people have been saying that
anecdotally for about a year now.
Suddenly, are we seeing the beginnings
of the cracking in this?
>> Speaking of mind, let's give you an
update on news elsewhere this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn
has more. Hey, Vonnie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. The US carrying
out a second straight day of strikes on
Iran. The attack coming after President
Donald Trump accused the country of
dragging out peace talks. Trump telling
Fox News the US will hit Iran again
today if it doesn't sign a deal.
Oil and gas executives telling the Trump
administration gas prices could spike in
the coming months. The Washington Post
reporting industry officials are
cautioning the White House inventories
could be gone within weeks as summer
travel season is in full swing.
In sports, the Knicks are one win away
from their first NBA championship in
more than 50 years. New York making an
historic comeback to beat the San
Antonio Spurs 107 to 106 with 1.2
seconds left in the game. Game five is
on Saturday in Texas. And that is your
Bloomberg brief. John, hey Vonnie, thank
you. Appreciate it. I know we spent tons
of time talking about the price of
entry, the get in price to go to some of
these games. What about the value of
sports content in this world of AI that
we're all talking about? the value of
this kind of content that's only going
up after things like this.
>> People want to be part of that
excitement,
>> right?
>> Also, you see all the celebrity roles of
all the people who are there and you see
the sort of situation
>> got to sit next to Timothy.
>> Timothy is that
>> I know it's the same thing. And Kylie
>> and Kylie pretty cool.
>> The point being that this kind of raw
joy and excitement and uncertainty and
humanity is going to be in premium.
>> How many mornings have I sat here and
said bad product?
>> 100%. I was going to say like all
product.
>> Yeah. Really? You still think so?
>> This is the dream final, right?
>> To turn around what otherwise has been
bad product.
>> Is that Is that your line now?
>> I think they want to extend it. Let's
just put it that way.
>> Stop.
>> I think they'd like it to go beyond game
five.
>> No. You think that this is rigged?
>> Not what I'm suggesting.
>> But you think that who's they?
>> The NBA. I'm suggesting they would like
it to go further. By what means? That is
up to you. You use the word rigged. I
didn't use the word.
>> All right. All right. Let's hope they
win.
>> That's not what I said. That's what you
applied.
>> It's not what I said.
>> Good juju only. Nixon 5.
>> Up next on the program, central banks in
a balancing gap.
>> We're seeing uh distinct upside
pressures on inflation and central banks
uh around the world are debating about
what uh to do about it.
>> In stadia, JP Morgan joins us next.
got a message from a Bloomberg
subscriber. The absolute worst nightmare
for brides getting married on Saturday
in the New York area with the Knicks
game taking place.
>> Maybe it's on purpose and they will wear
exactly what Amory is wearing.
>> Maybe the brides will be watching a
game, too.
>> You think so?
>> Yeah.
>> They could do orange and blue flowers.
And also, as Trump would say, that's
life. Wedding planners everywhere
rushing to buy orange and blue flowers.
>> Lean into the theme.
>> Yeah, it's true. Just change the date.
>> Swift MSG getting married there. You
seen that rumor?
>> That's crazy. Don't think much of that.
>> A private a private wedding.
>> All that money and that's pretty tacky,
right?
>> Well, it's by MSG
>> above above Penn Station. Think about
it. There you go. And then you're kind
of a train station.
>> It's fine for the Knicks to win an MSG,
but to get married above a New Jersey
Transit the stadium above a train
station doesn't sit well with me either.
Anyway, futures on the S&P positive by
3/4 of 1%. It bounced back this morning
by 1.2% in the bond market focused on
the ECB this morning. An ECB rate
decision just around the corner. Under
surveillance this morning, central banks
in a balancing act.
>> We're seeing uh distinct upside
pressures on inflation and central banks
uh around the world are debating about
what uh to do about it. Central banks
are likely to be more aggressive and
you're not going to hear that transitory
word uttered by a single central bank.
So here's the latest this morning.
Global central banks walking a tight
rope ahead of a pivotal rate decision
starting with the ECB this morning.
expected a hike for the first time since
23 in of JP Morgan asset management
writing in line with market pricing we
expect a 25 basis point hike with
further increases in September and next
March already priced Ian joins us now
for more good morning good to see you
>> let's talk about these hikes what are
you expecting from the guard later this
morning
>> I think in a perfect situation she's
going to want to come out of this
meeting with effectively the market
where it is today so they're going to
hike rates we know that I think what the
market's going to be focusing on very
much so is the forecast because we're
going to expect growth to be coming
down. We expect inflation to be coming
up. How much do they uh you know how
much do they move? And then of course
the press conference and you know does
she try to steer away from effectively
forward guidance? Does she say look
we're data dependent. We're going to be
can you watch the data they don't know
what's happening with the straits in the
next few weeks or so. So they're going
to sit on their hands say we're done
today. Let's see what happens going
forward. I think that's what she wants
to come out with. July 08, April 2011,
July 2011, three bad decisions from this
ECB. Does June 2026 get added to that
list? Why is this different? I think so.
The ECB is is a different situation to
say the Fed or the Bank of England
because they've taken rates down to 2%.
They've taken rates down to what they
perceive to be neutral. You talk to the
Fed, you talk to the Bank of England,
they will tell you we're still mildly
restrictive. You may or may not believe
that, but that's what they'll say. The
ECB, they're stuck, they're stuck
neutral. So they have the ability to
just effectively lever the rates up a
little bit because Lagard said it at the
end of March. You know the public needs
to know what the reaction function is
and needs to know that they're going to
be able to react to it. Inflation's
going up. They're a single mandate
central bank that effectively fights
inflation. I think 25 base points isn't
going to effectively be the end of end
of the euro zone as a as a whole. Um I
think they just want to have that
credibility in in the system
>> at this point. They've got the
credibility. If you take a look at what
the expectation is for inflation, it's
expected to come down to 2% in the next
two years and then potentially below
that for the European region. You're
also looking at GDP that's decelerating,
not accelerating. They have a very thin
margin to work with. Why do you think
that ultimately inflation could get
embedded coming from a supply shock
given the way that the Euro region is
set up?
>> I I I actually I think they will they're
going to come out of this and I'm not
sure inflation is going to come
embedded. I think ultimately there will
be more of an impact on growth later
down the line. But what they're wanting
to do is to your point exactly is to
have that credibility is to have the
market continue to believe that they are
an inflation fighting central bank. You
just look at what's gone on in Asia over
the last few weeks or so. Central banks
that were pausing or delaying what what
was effectively inevitable, they've had
to effectively now play catchup. And I
think the ECB do not want to be in that
position. So, let's go early and
hopefully not have to do too much and
then let's see what happens.
>> Would you rather be in European bonds
right now than the US?
>> Definitely.
>> Right now, do you think that the US
losing that credibility?
>> No, I think I think actually the US has
got a different situation going on where
actually you're seeing what looks like a
reaceleration in the labor market.
You've got the AI trade over here. You
got the tech trade over here. We don't
have that in Europe. I think actually
either
>> we don't you don't but you've got well
you you've got close to 50 basis points
priced versus Europe has got you know 70
base it's not a huge difference now
there's been a big catch up in the front
end of the US relative to Europe over
the last few weeks or so I just think
the US is a much better story I think
actually European front ended race I do
think there's value to be had there I
don't think they're going to be hiking
three times over the next
>> the US is a much better story does that
make the US bond market a much worse
story how bearish are you on treasuries
right now
>> I think you're looking at the Treasury
market where actually you'd argue more
more around fair value and I think the
the starting point is so important. I
was just looking looking this morning.
So we're 35 base points higher in the
10-year yield year to date. If you look
at the US a is effectively flat that
yield cushion is so much different for
all the people that are concerned about
fixed income remembering 2022 it's just
the starting point. It's so much
different. The yield you've got the
carry you've got the steepness of curves
the roll down it all helps. So yes, you
can have rates move a little bit higher,
but actually you still have returns. And
I say we're we're 35 base points higher.
We're four and a half% or so on the 10
year. I could build you a global
portfolio of bonds that yield you 6%. I
think that's pretty attractive.
>> Yes or no? Have you got the Fed hiking
this year?
>> I think the Fed will do what they can to
be on hold over the course of this year.
>> Okay, Ian, good to see you. Thank you,
sir. Ian Steely there of JP Morgan Asset
Management. 450 on 10s, around 5% on
30s. The idea that the US doesn't have
to hike rates even though it has a much
bigger better economic projection and
yet is maintaining credibility is the
reason why people's heads like mine
>> spinning
>> are tied up in knots.
>> Yeah. Kevin Walsh next week. Over to
you. The new Fed share in his first Fed
meeting. Up next, we'll catch up with
Francis Donard of RBC, Ed Mills of
Raymond James, Ted Menson of Bed, Mike
Pal of Black Rockck. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance just around the
corner.
The safest thing the Federal Reserve can
do politically and also economically, I
think, is just to do nothing. You do
have this higher resting heart rate for
inflation.
>> Now, most Fed officials of course are
going to be fine leaving rates as they
are.
>> Core inflation in the US still looks
like, you know, it's on a trajectory
that eventually should be okay for the
Fed.
>> We need to see the Fed remove the easing
bias and ultimately remove the insurance
cut from last year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. for our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now
and your price action. The scores look
like this. Bouncing back from a two-day
losing streak on the S&P were higher by
0.7% on the NASDAQ up by one full
percentage point and change in the bond
market right now. Check it out.
Treasuries twos, 10, and 30s. Yields
lower by two basis points on twos down
three on 10. Still around 450 on a
10-year with crude still depressed even
with fresh strikes in the Middle East.
We're down by 1% on Bren Wii with an 89
handle. Later this morning, data at 8:30
Eastern time. Jobless claims. Before we
get there, an ECB interest rate decision
at 8:15 and 30 minutes later, a news
conference with Christine Lard.
>> She has quite the job to do given the
fact that right now the market is baking
in 70 basis points of rate hikes by the
ECB for the rest of this year. This is a
rate hiking cycle that's getting priced
in, not just one and done. And it comes
as inflation, yes, is elevated in the
region, but growth is not. And they
don't have the drivers, including the
Knicks, that the United States has to
potentially generate some of the hopes
and dreams that we see coming out of the
stock market. Is this going to be a
mistake? And ultimately, everyone in the
US, I'm getting messages all morning,
huge mistake, idiotic. People in Europe,
no, this is right to anchor inflation.
So, it's just it's two different
universes this morning.
>> KPI in America later this morning is
expected to have a six handle. Jobless
claims is expected to come at around
220. And we're having these fun and
games in America talking about removing
an easing bias. Now, I know I've talked
about this a million times to sound like
a broken record, but it's kind of crazy,
isn't it? We're talking about removing
an easing bias in America with data like
that and the ECB is talking about hiking
not once, and everyone's waiting for the
guidance to go twice and go three times.
>> Yeah, this is a reason why it's like two
different markets that we're talking
about. On one hand, in Europe, they've
got to anchor inflation expectations
that by the way are fully anchored. If
you take a look at the inflation
expectation for 2028, it's 2%. It's not
2% in the United States, at least not by
market expectations, over the next 10
years, you're still looking at north of
2%. We just had the first war handle on
CPI going back to 2023 when the Fed was
engaging in a rate hiking cycle. Somehow
people think that the Fed can get away
with it. Look through this because of
productivity, because of potentially the
idea that growth is going to slow,
potentially there is fragility in the
labor market. There are a lot of
postulates that people are putting out
there, but not necessarily facts to show
how it's going to come into place.
>> Well, an argument they're going to make,
too, or individuals that don't think
they should hike, is going to make that
that's just going to hurt the people
that actually need interest rates to
come down. It's not going to stop the
massive AI spend. And maybe the Fed does
need to look through this oil shock
because you look at the oil price board.
It is pretty insane that we have fresh
strikes between Washington and Tyrron.
And we have WTI under $90 a barrel,
>> down just 1% on a session right now.
Crazy. Let's bring up a single name.
Oracle in the pre-market. Check out the
push back to higher spending from
Oracle. That name is down by close to
9%. Yesterday we were talking about
Super Micro. That name finished lower by
28% one session 28% because they're
looking to raise equity capital. What do
we see from Meta last week? Report from
the FT looking to raise equity capital
considering that push back in the stock
market. This is my focus right now. It's
our focus. The push back you're seeing
in capital markets. So, we've been
asking when would that happen and maybe
that moment is starting to cut to the
four because it's not like Oracle
delivered bad earnings. They actually
increased the earning expectation. A lot
of this money, the financing of some of
their capex is coming from forward
orders. So, it's not necessarily even
going to be raised in the debt market.
However, their capex spend came at $55
billion versus the expected $50 billion.
Going forward, they're going to have to
raise an additional $20 billion on top
of what they had previously expected.
Oh, and by the way, Oracle has $17
billion of debt in the investment grade
index. that is the most for any
non-financial issuer and it has all come
in the past couple of years. It is going
to the moon in terms of capex
expenditures at the same time that
customers that companies are pulling
back on some of their AI budgets.
>> All of that ahead of the biggest IPO we
have ever seen. Coming up on the
program, we'll catch up with Francis
Donald of RBC as tech stocks find a
firmer footing. Ed Mills of Rayma James
on what artificial intelligence could
mean for the midterms and Mike Pal of
Black Rockck as investors gear up for a
record-breaking year of IPOs. We begin
this hour with stocks recovering after
hitting a 5-week low. Francis Dollar of
RBC writing, "For the past six years, US
consumers have borne the brunt of
accumulating inflationary shocks. That
chapter may now be ending." Francis
joins us now for more. Francis, welcome
to the program. What's changing?
>> Well, the consumer is losing the
capacity to absorb any additional
shocks. that savings rate is down, real
wages are now negative, and the capacity
to absorb that has existed in the entire
post-pandemic experience, we believe, is
now fading. Now, that doesn't
necessarily mean the consumer is going
to collapse. There's a very strong top
10% consumer. It just means that you're
going to get more resistance going
forward on passing through these
additional price shocks to the consumer.
businesses are going to face harder
choices because if they continue to rely
on the consumer to absorb these price
shocks, they're either going to see the
consumer say, "No, thank you, some
demand destruction." Or you're going to
see consumers that say, "That's fine,
but we're going to need higher wages."
And that's why this tipping point is so
critical and isn't necessarily reliant
on your inflation forecast. It simply
means that the psychology that has
existed for over half a decade now in
the macro environment may need to pivot
and we could see it as early as 3 to
four months from now. The backdrop you
describe, Francis, to me at least
listening to it would make it difficult
for any central bank to hike interest
rates. Where does it leave Kevin Walsh
and his committee?
>> Well, certainly very challenging. We're
hearing a lot from central banks like
the Bank of Canada yesterday about the
policy dilemma of what happens when you
have higher prices that weigh on growth.
But to me, the real policy dilemma is
that monetary policy is just not as
functional and way more complicated when
you have a substantial K economy. You
have a topend consumer that could
withstand and probably needs higher
interest rates and then you have a
bottom-end consumer that is going to go
through some cyclical weakness and maybe
even some structural weakness here. So,
how this central bank and what we hear
from Kevin Worsh and how he thinks about
this and this policy dilemma is going to
be very important moving forward. Not
just uh what action they take, but the
philosophy around a growing divide
within American consumers and how does
monetary policy best serve them. I think
an underappreciated question we should
be asking Kevin Wars.
>> Uh Francis, do you think that the ECB
could potentially hike rates even if the
US doesn't because of the K-shaped
economy that there isn't such a market
divide in the Euro region as there is in
the United States?
>> Well, this is the differentiator between
the United States and there's a few of
them. One is that big divide between
that top 10% that has accumulated
massive savings, massive amounts of
benefits from financial markets doing
well that we don't see in the rest of
the developed world. That's true. But
there's also a different growth dynamic
that's happening here, which is the
United States growth dynamic has been
upheld by structural guard rails. The AI
story, big government spending, that top
10% very wealthy consumer. But now we're
starting to see a broadening of that
growth dynamic in the United States.
Now, some of it might be FIFA, some of
it might be uh some uh movement around
tariffs, that IEPA ruling coming down,
some distortions, but there's enough
happening in the US economy right now
that suggests that their economy is
actually becoming stronger while DM
economies outside of the United States
are suffering under the weight of this
energy shock. So certainly how central
banks choose to respond to that will be
interesting. But the divergence
occurring between US growth which is
being allowed to run hot and the rest of
the world that is challenged with more
of stagflationary dynamics is
interesting and also a new dynamic than
what we've seen over the past 1 to two
years.
>> Francis, you talk about the tipping
point where either potentially you're
going to start to see people pulling
back because their savings are out or
they're going to demand higher wages and
get them is a really interesting one
especially as we get PPI later today and
you have heard heard about profit
margins expanding at a number of
companies. Why won't workers go to their
bosses and say, "The number of tokens
you would need to pay to do what I do is
actually more than I'm getting paid, so
pay me the amount that my tokens would
be worth." I mean, why is this a value
proposition not going to necessarily
lead to higher wages? Well, it's it's
actually interesting. My team this week
has all been talking about token use,
the cost of tokens. Are we going to
reach that moment where we say actually
there is a cost of labor and there's a
cost of actually substituting out of
labor as well? This is critical and the
most important data that we're watching
right now is what are companies planning
to do with pass through. So numbers like
PPI are more important, small businesses
intentions to pass through, but also
consumers ability to absorb that. So the
relationship between business costs, how
they're using those very large corporate
margins and the choices around them are
going to be critical. from transcripts
to survey data. This is a moment to
really zero in on do businesses see the
capacity to reduce costs in other areas
and do they have the capacity? Are they
seeing any signs that they're going to
have to slow through the pass through?
To me, that's the biggest Q3 question.
>> You talk about in your note how
businesses choose to carry this will
define the next chapter of the cycle
when it comes to higher prices. Muhammad
Alen has talked about this in the past.
Listen to what the sea suite says. What
are they telling you right now?
>> They're still talking about pass
through. They're talking about a
slightly more fragile consumer, but
particularly at the lower end of the
sphere. So, this is an early
development. We're not quite there yet,
but in our view, we only have a couple
more months of savings with the consumer
before you start to see that consumer
start of breakdown. So, as I said, Q3,
Q4, watch for this transitional moment
coming through. So far, surveys are
saying, well, we're getting a little bit
more cautious, but not quite there yet.
Again, we really try to downplay soft
surveys typically, but we're going to
have to watch for some dynamic on that
front more than we have in the past.
It'll show up a little bit more before
the hard data.
>> Francis, where's the savings coming
from? I remember during Christmas,
people were saying that the consumers
are going out and they're spending their
savings right now on uh and also their
tax their higher tax refunds. And then
it was early in this year, they're
spending that on higher electricity
bills. Now, everyone's saying they're
spending that on higher gas prices.
Haven't it hasn't this dried up?
It has. So we've seen we have nearrecord
low savings rate right now. That's a
flow type of story. And this is exactly
why it doesn't matter whether you
believe inflation has peaked or not. The
stock of available consumption now is
now beginning to decline. If you go back
several years, consumers had government
transfers coming through from the
pandemic. They had wages that were real
in positive terms. They were acrewing
some benefits from that stronger stock
market, but mostly to the top end. Those
have now depleted. So again, we're not
talking about a very bearish consumer
outlook. There are still elements of
strength. We are not talking about a
complete collapse. What we're talking
about is that the baton has to be passed
on price pass through from the consumer
to businesses because businesses are
going to see it in real time that the
consumer says I cannot I do not have the
capacity to continue purchasing. And
there's been such a psychological focus.
We've become so accustomed to this idea
that as inflation and prices rise from
tariffs to geopolitical shocks that they
roll through to consumers with a lag.
This is the point that we're trying to
make is that that six-year paradigm may
be on the edge of shifting in the other
direction.
>> Something we all need to watch. Francis,
appreciate your time as always. Francis
Donald there of RBC with the latest. I
was listening to you talking about the
cost of AI, the price of it, the actual
price of it, what it should be. And I
was thinking back to that very clumsy
line from Standard Chartered, which
they've since apologized for, low value
human capital and replacing so-called
lowv value human capital. Never mind the
wording. Let's focus on the strategy.
Maybe you have to dedicate really the
compute to the highv value task. And
with that in mind, you're really going
to dedicate it to replacing what they
consider to be a very clumsy line, low
value human capital.
>> The concept of value is going to shift,
right? I mean, if you're essentially
able to do the highly technical
structural uh calculations and
programming that highly paid individuals
used to do, does that lead to that being
where a lot of the cuts come from?
Increasingly, people are talking about
how much tokens cost and that's the
reason why OpenAI is cutting prices
because they want to become deployed
more widely. And if that's the case,
maybe these advanced AI models aren't
going to come for our jobs because guess
what? Maybe we're worth it.
>> That's kind of what I'm getting at.
Maybe maybe we're we're worth the money
because
>> sounds like a makeup commercial.
>> The the amount.
>> So buy your
>> You are worth it. You're so worth it.
>> You're worth it.
>> Versus the token cost, which you know,
energy costs something. Water costs
something. I mean, I need to be fed as
well, but like, you know, ultimately my
my food might be cheaper
>> possibly. Let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. So worth
it. With your Bloomberg brief, Vonnie
Quinn has more. Hey, Vonnie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. The US carrying
out a second straight day of strikes on
Iran after President Donald Trump
accused the country of dragging out
peace talks. Trump telling Fox News the
US will hit Iran again today if it
doesn't sign a deal before the attacks.
Thran warning it would target new US
assets if Washington took action.
Anthropic CEO showing support for
government regulation of AI. Dario
Ammoday writing in an essay, the
government should have the power to
block AI developers from deploying new
models if they present certain risks.
Ammoday saying there should be mandatory
testing by third parties.
The New York Knicks pulling off a record
comeback against the San Antonio Spurs
to win game four of the NBA finals. New
York coming back from a 29point deficit
to win by a single point. The Knicks are
now one win away from their first NBA
title in more than 50 years. Game five
is on Saturday night in San Antonio.
That's your Bloomberg brief, John.
>> Hey, Bonnie. Thank you. Appreciate it.
You trying to go?
>> Yes.
>> Trying to get over there. Okay.
>> Well, I'm going to be in Houston
tomorrow, so I mean very
>> perfect timing, right?
>> Very convenient.
>> You guys been traveling over the last
>> What am I getting wrong here?
>> Well, you can use the c the increased
margins go to something, John.
>> Okay. And your travel budgets
apparently. All right. Up next on the
program, cozying up to AI.
I'm going to have meetings with the top
12 or 15 executives very shortly and
we're talking about giving back
something to the public and if we do
that the public will become very rich.
>> Ed Mills of Raymond James joins us next
live from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
So, here's the bounce this morning. Up
by 0.6 six on the S&P on the Nasdaq
higher by 1/4 percentage point. Just a
touch of outperformance on the Russell
up by 1.2. The focus on tech continues
under Savannah this morning cozying up
to AI.
I'm going to have meetings with the top
12 or 15 executives very shortly. And
we're talking about giving back
something to the public. And if we do
that, the public will become very rich,
the people in our country, because
that's the kind of money we're talking
about. And I think they'll do that. And
I think it'll make it very popular.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president continuing to tease
unconfirmed meetings with AI executives.
Artificial intelligence weighing on
voters ahead of this year's midterm
elections. A new poll by Reuters and
Ipsos finding 53% of Americans worry the
technology cost them or someone at home
their job. Joining us now is Bloomberg's
Tyler Kendall from Washington. Hey
Tyler.
>> Hey John. Good morning. Well, how to
balance the potentially massive gains
from the AI boom with the potential
risks is increasingly becoming a focus
here in Washington. yesterday marked the
second time in less than a week that
President Trump expressed an interest in
the US government taking equity stakes
in AI firms. He seemed to suggest that
he's already had some of these
conversations, though declined to give
specifics or how exactly this would
work. Though a person familiar with the
matter does confirm to Bloomberg News
that Open AI CEO Sam Alman did float the
idea of government stakes and AI
companies to the Trump administration
back in early 2025. But more recently,
Otman was just on Capitol Hill last
week, meeting with lawmakers on both
sides of the aisle after Senator Bernie
Sanders reignited the idea on Capitol
Hill, floating a new proposal that would
see the federal government levy a
one-time 50% tax on AI companies paid
for in stock and kept in what he called
a sovereign wealth fund that would seek
to redistribute the gains to the public.
It's all taking on this new urgency as
we get closer to November. And you
mentioned the jobs market, but John, we
also saw this Reuter Ipsos poll go on to
cite concerns Americans have when it
comes to rising energy costs. The survey
find found that 77% of Americans feel
that AI will make their electricity
bills go up. Last week, I met with 10 of
uh the US's top electricity CEOs, all of
whom told me that energy and
affordability is the number one issue
that they hear from the public. heading
into the midterms heading into the
general only a few years away. Tyler,
thank you. Tyler Kendall with the latest
in Washington. Ed Mills of Rayma James
writing the following. If Democrats win
a House andor Senate majority, expect
calls for federal laws limiting data
centers to be near the top of the
agenda. Ed joins us now for more. Ed,
welcome to the show. It's good to see
you once again. Let's focus on this. How
are things changing heading into the
midterms?
>> Well, we've argued at Raymond James that
AI policy is probably the biggest market
event from the midterm elections. You go
back to last November, John, uh,
Democrats did really well in Virginia,
in New Jersey, arguing that energy costs
are too high, arguing against data
centers. You're seeing Bernie Sanders
against it. You see Hakeem Jeff, the
major, the Democratic leader uh, in the
House saying this will be a priority.
They're trying to make those data
centers the death star to the American
public and say that's the problem. and
then build upon that, trying to have new
hawkishness on China and a whole bunch
of new AI policies, trying to kind of
wrap this against Trump and against
Republicans, especially if they win a
majority. That's the going to be the
market concern.
>> Ed, what's actually going to be the
policy when it comes to what some
conservatives and free market
individuals are saying n that this
government is trying to nationalize some
of these companies?
>> Yeah. Well, this has been a weird
pushpull, Emory, because there has been
a general angst about kind of government
stakes in US companies, but with
President Trump, he's had the support of
Republicans in Congress because they
generally support him. Um, I do look at
the AI export program that should have
some of their first announcements this
month, which is going to get some
government financing to back AI programs
around the world. Maybe we take some of
that financing that we're promoting uh
and supporting some of these
hyperscalers and using that as the hook
to get that uh equity stake. I don't
think we have that proposal that Bernie
Sanders talks about that would, you
know, require congressional action. Uh
that's not going to happen. I I do think
that because Donald Trump has created
this president, Amory, uh it is more
accepted than it otherwise would have
ever been.
>> Absolutely. He's also talking about a
meeting that is unconfirmed, hasn't
taken place yet. Why is he doing this? I
mean, the AI companies are saying
there's no meeting right now. Why is he
just putting this out there?
>> Well, Amory, he loves to be at the
center of the most important debates to
the extent that he can be on the world
stage with Putin or she or with the
leaders of AI, especially as we're
seeing some of these major IPOs in the
pipeline. Inserting himself into that
policy is really important. Secondly,
recently we got an AI executive order
and we're seeing a massive policy shift
with uh President Trump where at the
beginning of his term he did away with
the Biden executive order that looked at
things through a national security lens.
He's starting to do that as well and
he's starting to engage here because
he's not quite sure if the free release
of these models is the right policy or
should we have a government review. the
more that he gets concerned with that,
the more he's going to want to meet with
these uh AI executives, the more this
becomes a political problem, the more
he's going to want to insert himself
into that, trying to neutralize that
policy.
>> Ed, to that point, is President Trump
leading the charge for Republicans in
terms of supporting AI development, or
is he offsides with some of his
Republican colleagues who are very
concerned about this, hearing from their
constituents and looking for more
regulation?
>> Lisa, it might be both. Um we've seen
kind of a huge push at the beginning of
this administration uh to change some of
the policy towards China making an
argument that unless we get these
leading edge chips to China will develop
their own. We had the deepseek moment.
Then he started to say all right we
could allow China kit to get more chips.
The H200 those haven't been developed or
they haven't been uh sold to China at
the levels he thought they would. And
then on Capitol Hill that's where you've
gotten the push back. We've had
introduction of legislation, the match
act that has already cleared committee
on a pretty decent vote that would
restrict some of the semiconductors
going to China, would restrict some of
the semicap equipment going to China.
And Republicans are telling him, you
have gone too far in easing up some of
these restrictions. We don't like the
fact that you've merged the national
security and economic lanes. We
understand that we need to win this AI
race, but giving it to China being too
fast and loose on some of the national
security issues. That is a concern for
us, especially if this is kind of
getting deployed in the way in which we
hear a lot of folks in the market talk
about it.
>> Ed, there's also a concern about the
personnel and the brain trust close to
the White House right now. There have
been a number of departures, Thomas
Lind, the most recent one. Is that
concerning given how quickly this is
moving and the need for expertise to
understand how it's working and what
exactly the potential applications,
potential danger, potential benefits
could be?
>> Yeah, we have a lot of turnover in
government as a general source. Um, it
has been a uptick lately on some of the
AI policy individuals. Uh, I've talked
to a number of them uh after they have
left or kind of when they've uh been
doing these things. Uh I've actually
been relatively impressed with the AI
policy infrastructure that he had put
into place. Um and I do think the fact
that we had an AI uh action plan that
came out pretty early in the
administration. Now we have an AI
executive order. It's been an area that
they've been focused on. Let's see what
that staff gets replaced with. But so
far it's been pretty robust. And when
I've talked to that staff, one of the
things that they've told me is a they
want to flood the zone. They want to
make US technology the default
technology for the world. And just as
the dollar is the reserve currency of
the world, they want that US-based token
to be the reserve token of the world.
And that's why they're trying to export
this globally. If they win that, they
tell me that's the most important
national security issue that they can
actually achieve in this administration.
So, I'm hoping they're right.
>> Ed, thank you, sir. Appreciate it. Ed
Mills there of Raymond James. It's not a
great message, is it? We're going to
take your job and push up the price of
your bills. Public's not going to be
happy with that.
>> They aren't happy with it, which is why
Ed said it's going to be the key issue
heading into the midterms. A lot of
people agree with him.
>> Coming up on the program, we'll catch up
with Ted Morrison of bad as Wall Street
awaits the SpaceX IPO. Plus, Yahara has
your morning movers. Check out Intel
this morning. Shares rising on a double
upgrade from Bank of America. The stock
is up by more than 4%.
two-day losing streak on the S&P 500.
Your bounce looks like this. Up by 0.6
on the S&P, up by one full percentage
point on the NASDAQ. Some wild swings
once again for chip stocks. 10
percentage point range on Tuesday. on
Wednesday, something like a 5 percentage
point plus range for chip names. Once
again, volatility starting to creep into
this equity market heading into these
IPOs.
>> It is volatility. It isn't a wholesale
sell-off. And that's the point is that
people are still bullish. They still
think that chipmakers are going to do
well. So, if you see a dip, it's viable.
And that's essentially what we see every
single time. Whether the same story can
be told about hyperscalers increasingly
will be the question as those capex
budgets. The wealth transfer from one to
the other, chips being on one side and
hyperscalers on the paying side
continues.
>> A major wealth transfer funded by you
and I in this bond market, this equity
market too. Not so much me, but you at
home of course
>> us too. I mean, if you have a 401k,
you're paying for this.
>> Yes, without a doubt. In the bond market
right now, you're gaining on the chip
side, too, if you hold them. Anyway,
fixing go bonds, twos, tens, 30s.
>> Focus. Let's get into this. Inflation
data coming in in line with
expectations. Happen to stop the rot in
the bond market just for now. We're down
four basis points on tens 451. The next
stop for this market. There's a mix of
things in the next hour. ECB rate
decision in the mix. Remember what can
move the European bond market can move
global bond markets. PPI data, jobless
claims. Two big data points. 8:30
Eastern time.
>> Yeah. And we heard from Francis Donald
at the start of the hour. Uh we could
see PPI come in. You were mentioning
6.4% is the median estimate, which is a
shocking number. She said this is going
to get more and more important. Can some
of the companies continue to pass along
the costs given the savings rate? Do
companies either start to pay their
employees more wage price spiral or do
consumers start pushing back and say we
will not buy it if the prices go up that
much margin compression that's going to
be a problem for the stock market and
growth. We're at that tipping point.
>> We are. And it's a big call that needs
to be made over at the Federal Reserve
with Kevin Walsh and that new
leadership. Is this labor market tight
enough? Does it have strong enough
momentum to worry about the prospect of
wages picking up gum? Which sounds crazy
to say out loud. As I've said a few
times, the only people that worry about
higher wages, economists, but anyway,
park that conversation for now. Run with
me. Distracted this morning.
>> We all are. Effect. Yeah,
>> the market should have been closed
today. I'm sorry.
>> All right.
>> Did they have to worry about the labor
market in the same way they used to?
Back when we had unemployment around 3
and a half% and inflation picking up.
The last time we were at four on
headline inflation, we had unemployment
in the mid-3s. That was why rates were
so much higher in the fives compared to
the 375 we're at right now.
>> It's hard to get a real read on the
labor market. And this is why initial
jobless claims will be interesting,
although they haven't been very
interesting for the past couple of
months because they've been basically
flatlining. At the same time, people are
looking at the labor market data and
painting completely diametrically
opposed ideas. On one hand, you could
say you are starting to see slack in
certain areas. Take a look at wages
earned and the fact that they're not
keeping pace with inflation. On the
other hand, look at Jolt's data. Look at
the job openings data. Look at the
anecdotal commentary coming from head
hunters saying that actually you're
seeing a reaceleration and they
broadening out in some of the labor
market gains. Pick your poison right
now. It's really uncertain.
>> Lisa talking to head hunters. Do you
notice that?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Crept into conversation. Just slip
that out.
>> Just slip that in. Letting you know what
you know.
>> Becky Francoitz. We all talked to her.
>> Okay.
>> I mean we all talk to these people.
>> Sure.
>> Right there with you. All right. Two
hours away from the opening bell. Let's
get you some morning movers. Yara has
more. Hey Yahara. Hi, John. Despite
another quarter of massive AI growth, we
are seeing Oracle shares now down uh
nearly 8% in the pre-market after the
company said that it will spend more to
build AI data centers. But that came as
Oracle left its revenue outlook largely
unchanged, just leaving investors
wondering where the payoff is amid all
that additional spending. Uh meanwhile,
as you mentioned, we are seeing the chip
stocks bounce back today. But Intel is
getting a major boost from BFA. They
double upgraded the stock, arguing that
investors may be underestimating its
growth in its chip server business as
well as its foundry. They also say that
Intel remains underowned compared to its
peers, leaving room for investors
potentially to pile in. And we end on
the space stocks. They are rebounding
after a recent pullback. So, you're
seeing names like uh Rocket Lab up 4% in
the pre-market as we countd down to
tomorrow's historic SpaceX IPO set to be
the biggest ever with a $75 billion
raise. As for what comes next in the IPO
process, we're waiting to see how shares
are allocated with reports including
from us. Uh that demand is far exceeding
the number of shares available. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yhara in the next hour. On our
radar this morning, Oracle shares
falling. The tech giant reporting
capital spending plans well over
estimates. Oracle expecting capex for
the fiscal year to total 70 billion,
fueling fresh concerns on AI
profitability and the amount of money
being spent. Oracle is down by 8% in the
pre-market. Elsewhere, SpaceX playing
cardboard with Wall Street ahead of its
$75 billion IPO. People familiar with
the matter telling us here at Bloomberg
that firms including Mizuo and Sockgen
have been handed minor roles with fewer
fees and bragging rights. And finally,
anthropic CEO Dario Amod calling for
stronger government oversight over AI.
Emod arguing regulators should be able
to block developers from deploying new
AI models if they pose risks to the
public,
>> especially if those risks stem from
OpenAI say or XAI or some of these other
AI developers that potentially could
have problematic models versus the
anthropic models which are uh probably
on the up and up. Look, on one hand, we
mock there are two ways to understand
this. There many more than that
probably. But the way that I'm trying to
understand this is is there truly a risk
that somehow some of these models are
going to go full Star Wars and start
upgrading themselves and then taking
over the world, which is the fear that
some people have, or is this a
competitive edge that they're hoping to
keep the moat around their particular
software, their particular large
language models that could potentially
give them a ledge with the likes of
OpenAI?
>> Or is the writing already on the wall?
So you put out a letter like this
because you want Washington to come and
deal with you as opposed to everyone
else as you try to write this
regulation. In this letter he says the
best analogy in the current stage is
comparing it to cars, airplanes, drugs,
powerful technologies essential to the
modern econ economy but capable of
killing large numbers of people if
designed or operated poorly. Maybe they
just want to get in on the ground level
as the government begins. The
government's going to have to regulate
this. They're going to have to. The push
back in the midterm elections and 2028
is going to be severe.
>> That's the kind of regulation and taxes
they probably won't like. Tech stocks
looking to rebound after hitting a
fiveweek low ahead of tomorrow's
historic SpaceX IPO. Ted Modensson of
Bed writing the following. The capital
pull is large enough to pull some
capital away from tech winners. Ted
joins us now for more. Ted, it's good to
see you, sir. Welcome back to the
program. Do we have space for all this
equity?
>> That's the million-dollar question. And
I mean Oracle last night just popped 770
bill or uh 70 billion. Um if you look at
uh Entropic, you look at OpenAI, you
look at SpaceX, it's a big number. So
port portfolio managers are now
struggling on how to allocate these new
uh offerings going forward.
>> Ed, what are your thoughts? Ted, what
are your thoughts on on how we should
deploy some of that capital from here?
Should you be buying some of these
names? Should you take it away from the
winners, the g the guys that have been
running up so quickly over the past few
months?
>> I think this cycle is so powerful that
you have to be involved in these. It's
just a matter of how much and what the
timing is. And I think from my
standpoint uh other sectors that don't
have this macro associated with them be
um they they need to be drained a little
bit and uh portfolio managers have to
get into these names just because the
Ford waitings are going to be so dynamic
that if they don't play they're going to
underperform.
>> Let's get a little more specific. Is
there room for open AI in a potential
IPO given the fact that they're cutting
prices to get some of the customer base
of anthropic?
Uh my opinion is yes. I if you look at
what's happening just on this cycle and
the amount of infrastructure pull in uh
the software area is going to go along
for the ride. Probably not upfront like
the infrastructure is but over the long
term uh you're going to see a lot of
free cash flow generated from these next
generation software companies.
>> Do you think there's going to be a
bifurcation? We were talking about this
Citadel note uh just moments ago where
they're talking about a bifurcation
where you've got the frontier AI
concentrated among a few firms with
balance sheets that are uh big enough to
absorb it and then you have others
looking for commoditized models that are
cheaper and can perform more basic
tasks. Do you think that that's the
world of AI that we're going to be
living in for the next year or two?
>> I think it's going to be very very
volatile. Um it's very hard to put your
your finger on how these models are are
actually going to uh settle out. Um
there is a fair amount of deflation
going on as it relates to models. If you
listen to Palunteer for example, also on
token pricing, I think we just got to
let it play out and verse speculating.
Um the the macro though from a um from a
AI stack perspective is so disruptive
that um I think we've got to look at it
more from a long-term and react to the
models as as they materialize.
>> Ted, you rightfully point out in your
note that tech CEO messaging is out of
touch with 80% of the population. Is
that why we have this letter overnight
from Anthropic?
>> I think so. I mean, you know, I wish
some of the tech visionaries would would
really define not um how their companies
are doing, but how AI will affect
humanity in a positive way. uh whether
it be productivity or um instead of job
loss, job expansion,
um I think when you look at the bottom
70% of the population,
uh they're getting hit not only on
inflation, but I I think there's an
angst that uh AI could control their
destiny from a a work and quality of
life issue. And this is happening so
quickly that I think that leadership has
to take it under their wing to actually
communicate to that bottom 70% and not
the top 30%.
>> How are you thinking about what the US
government is going to do, especially
when President Trump is talking about
maybe he does line up with Senator
Bernie Sanders and they should be taking
equity stakes?
>> Oh boy, that's a loaded question. Um
I I I'm not a big believer in government
uh um choosing winners and losers. Um I
think it's it's there's going to be some
mechanism that if AI does materialize in
a way that we are projecting that
the the bottom 70% if you will will be
taken care of. Um, I think it's
conjecture at this point on what that
model looks like.
>> Ted, I just wonder if we can turn that
round just a touch. The government
picking winners and losers. There is a
loser right now and it appears to be
open AI and they're picking the
government and Ted, I just wonder why
and I'm trying to work that out. What
are they getting at here? There's been
this talk reportedly in the last year as
well that they were talking about some
individuals in the seauite that maybe
the government should be involved to
support any potential losses because
this is getting too big to fail. Ted,
how do you think about that dynamic?
>> I tell you, it's moving so quickly that
I, to be honest with you, Jonathan, I
don't think anybody really has, you
know, the the real view here. Um, I
think there's got to be a lot of um
discussions uh company to company and
with the government to figure this out.
It's moving so quickly and it is so
disruptive that quite frankly, I don't
think anybody really has the answers. I
think we're trying to we're trying to
nail uh an answer that may not exist
right now because of the pace of
innovation. Um I think it's going to
it's going to play out over the course
of uh the next couple quarters and I
think we just have to go with um with
with how the market develops and quite
frankly um how we make uh the country as
a whole function.
>> Hold on tight Ted. It's good to see you.
It's always great to catch up. Thank you
sir. Ted Mortensson there of bad on the
relationship developing one between the
government and these massive tech firms.
>> Yeah. His take is it's just we don't
know and this is developing so quickly.
I was speaking to one uh banker who said
that he's been through several of these
industrial revolutions and so the you
know internet and some of the other sort
of industrial buildouts. He said this is
completely different because we don't
know the end point. We don't know. I
mean I joke about full Star Wars. We
don't know whether this is going to
become autonomous in some capacity,
whether it's going to be able to replace
uh us, whether we're going to be in
space working on the data centers that
are fueling, you know, the the robots on
Earth. I mean, it sounds existential and
and sort of pie in the sky, but
>> some ways it is.
>> That's essentially what people are
talking about. They're literally doing
an IPO to do just that.
>> Well, you hear lots about the railroads,
right?
>> Right.
>> But at least, you know, you were
building something to somewhere,
>> correct?
>> Not sure if that's the case this time
around.
>> We don't know what the ultimate goal is.
Is it to uh automate all of the work? Is
it to create a better future for the 70%
of people who aren't going to have jobs?
Is everyone going to be more employed
and doing more interesting, fulfilling
things? Will we all have more time to
take off to go to Rio? I don't know the
answer to this.
>> And watch sport.
>> Exactly.
>> Stay up late and watch the Knicks, which
is what everyone seemed to do last
night.
>> Clearly
>> saw a great clip of Taylor Swift, right,
getting all excited and there's a guy in
the background. There's a great tweet
out there. Post X, whatever. And it
says, "Don't know who she is, but I know
Paul Tudah Jones when I see him sat
right behind."
>> I saw that. Yeah, it was definitely a
who's who finance right behind him. You
got to love a finance pro, right? Let's
get you an update on news worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has
more. Hey, Vonnie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you.
>> Open AAI is gearing up for a war with
anthropic users. The Wall Street Journal
reporting the company is considering
drastic price cuts to win customers from
its rival. The Journal saying price cuts
could potentially erode the profit
margins of both companies.
UK Defense Secretary John Healey
announcing his resignation just moments
ago. In a post on X, Healey citing Prime
Minister Kier Starmer and the UK
Treasury's inability to commit suitable
resources to the country's defense
needs, he says during a time of rising
threats for his departure.
And as you've been saying, the New York
Knicks pulling off a record comeback
against the San Antonio Spurs to win
game four of the NBA Finals. New York
coming back from a 29point deficit to
win by a single point. The Knicks now
just one win away from their first NBA
title in more than 50 years. Game five
on Saturday night in San Antonio. And
that is your Bloomberg brief.
>> Just very cool for this city. Fonnie,
thank you. Appreciate it. Up next on the
program, the SpaceX IPO countdown.
>> AI is the biggest technology.
Everybody's investing in it.
>> There's going to be selling in a lot of
other technology stocks as we get these
IPOs.
>> The need for liquidity is massive.
>> Up next, Mike Pal of Black Rockck live
from New York City. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
tempted. Really tempted.
>> No. No. Just please come on. Let's
Please don't do that.
>> Come on.
>> We're friends here. We're family.
>> Not going to out you. Everyone wants to
know, but I'm not going to.
>> Good.
>> Equity futures right now positive, still
tempted by 0.7 on the S&P and the NASDAQ
up by 1.2. And Savannah this morning,
the SpaceX IPO countdown.
>> AI is the biggest technology that we've
seen probably in our lifetime.
Everybody's investing in it.
>> There's going to be selling in a lot of
other technology stocks as we get these
IPOs. As long as the capital markets
remain open to these really massive
market caps, that's the opportunity.
>> The need for liquidity is massive.
>> I'm just going to say, and you can
decide who it was, that someone around
the table thought Scotty Pippen was a
New York Nick back in the day.
>> Just throwing that out there. All right.
>> I think I think we're talking about IPOs
right now.
>> It's the latest this morning. Wall
Street bracing for the record setting
SpaceX debut tomorrow. According to data
compiled by Bloomberg, the expected list
of mega IPOs could add nearly $4
trillion in market cap to US exchanges.
Mike Pile of Black Rockck writing, "The
key question for investors is who can
sustainably finance the AI buildout over
the next decade while converting that
investment into durable cash flows."
Mike joins us now for more. Mike, good
morning.
>> Good to be here.
>> It's good to see you, buddy. Let's talk
about how much money is being issued
right now, how much money is being
raised, how much equity is being issued,
and what we could see over the next year
or so, and how this market's going to
make space for it in the next 12 months.
Yeah, I mean I' I'd start kind of where
you did, which is just the the scale of
of the capital races here. And I think
one thing it highlights for us is of
course companies are staying private
longer. Of course private markets can
finance a a depth of investment uh in a
way that they haven't been able to in
the past. But at some point uh public
markets are still required to finance uh
capex of this scale. And moreover to the
to the point uh you you highlighted on
screen the duration of capital that
needs to be deployed here. This is going
to be a marathon not a sprint like
financing this buildout and then the the
ability to turn that into cash flow
that's that's going to pay off for
investors. That's that's a kind of
multi-year phenomenon and it's really
public markets uh that ultimately are
the place where that capital raise can
can be made.
>> Are you seeing big enough signs of push
back to worry that things are turning?
You know, listen, I would say we believe
very much in uh the AI thesis uh as a
key part of investors portfolios over
the medium to long term. Uh there's
going to be, you know, volatility along
the way. We've certainly, you know, seen
that over the past couple of weeks uh
even with some of the big winners
pulling back a bit and then stepping
forward again. And you know, I think the
important thing is for investors to have
uh AI exposure in their portfolio that's
balanced, that's wellsized against the
the totality of their portfolio. But
that's like the key thing that we're
advising investors is take a look at the
whole portfolio, take a look at your AI
exposures as a whole and be sure that
those are sized appropriately given the
goals you have. Do you have to see the
rest of the economy start to catch up
for the profitability of some of these
AI companies to continue increasing at
the pace that they have been?
>> Yeah, I mean I think that you're seeing
a pretty extraordinary pace of
deployment of uh AI tools. I do think
that you know the conversation is uh
shifting across uh corporate America
from one that has been focused on speed
and pace of deployment to you know where
are we getting value for money. How are
we going to be uh disciplined on cost to
ensure that the tools that we're paying
for at different pi price points are
delivering return on investment uh that
we see in terms of reduced costs in
terms of enhanced revenue. So, I do
think the conversation is shifting. You
know, I do think we have confidence that
again over that medium to long term,
we're going to find a place where these
tools are really driving productivity in
a meaningful way and that's ultimately
going to support the sector as a whole.
>> I guess what I'm trying to get at here
is are we at an inflection point to a
stronger economy and a stronger labor
market as productivity generates more
growth and people's ability to request
higher wages because guess what? They're
worth more than the tokens that they
otherwise would be replaced with. at a
time when potentially inflation is
running a little bit hotter, where
capital markets are wide open, and where
there's a Fed that seems to be pegged on
pause. I mean, is that the scenario that
you're expecting?
>> Yeah. So, I think the Fed clearly has a
pretty complicated um dynamic that it's
facing. Share Wor is going to face
coming off and I think you highlight the
key pieces. I mean, you know, inflation
as we saw yesterday, you know, on the
core reading maybe a little better than
expected, but I think there's some
underlying pieces that are that are
sticky and are likely to be. And
moreover, when it comes to tariffs still
being part of the picture, when it comes
to energy clearly being a part of the
picture, and importantly, when it comes
to, you know, this AI story, you know,
over the medium to long term, you know,
we think that's productivity enhancing.
We think that that's disinflationary,
but in the here and now, that's putting
upward pressure on prices, upward
pressure on capacity utilization. One of
the stats I've been citing is, you know,
hyperscaler capex plants have gone up by
about 30% since the start of the year.
about half of that is increased volume
or increased unit economics uh from the
AI buildup. About half of that is just
increased prices. So I think that
highlights that they're really climbing
up a pretty steep part of the supply
curve and just underscores that there's
a lot of pressure in this economy,
including increasingly from labor.
>> Mike, what do you make of the potential
government intervention, especially
given the fact that you were part of the
Biden administration when there was a
proposal to make some sort of sovereign
wealth fund, especially when it came to
focus on national security interests?
>> Yeah. So listen, you know, listen to the
the um the interview with the prior
guest I think really identified with
with what he had said. I would observe,
you know, it is clear that um AI is a
issue that the American people are
paying increased attention to. It is
rocketing up the list of issues voters
have their eyes squarely on. Moreover, I
think skepticism, it's fair to say,
looking at the public opinion polling
data is pretty significant. You know,
what does that add up to? I think it
adds up to a world where this is a topic
the policy makers the politicians are
talking about a lot in the coming years
and there's very likely to be I think
some meaningful policy steps in the
space I think but I think his core point
was the cone of uncertainty on what
those policy steps might be I think is
incredibly wide and I don't think it's
possible to really venture a guess as to
where this is going to land other than
to say this is going to be a first order
issue and there's going to be you know
policy action
>> I think you can work out the reaction on
the which is tax and redistribute. It's
the reaction on the right that I'm more
intrigued by. Not the populist right. I
think they have more in common with the
left. Lisa has talked about that
extensively. More the conservative right
which typically would embrace creative
destruction. Are they going to be able
to do that with a technology like this
that threatens to take people's jobs?
>> Well, we spoke recently to vice former
vice president Mike Pence. He was
definitely not in favor of US government
taking equity stakes of any company. And
he said also he believes in lower taxes.
So, I think you're going to have a real
divide within the Republican party.
>> I love the take from markets, which is
essentially this is great. Any
regulation coming down the pike so good.
It's actually a bullcase for the
investment because the data center that
I built today won't have as much
competition tomorrow. And that
essentially is the take from Wall
Street, which is like, throw it at us.
>> Stop us from spending, please.
>> Well, throw just stop the other models.
We're good.
>> Mike, it's good to see you. Thank you,
sir. You stay up late last night.
>> I might have
>> a little bit. Yeah, you're not alone.
Mike Par of Black Rockck. Thank you,
sir. Appreciate it. Coming up next, Avid
Ramani of Bank of America, James Athie
of Malbor, and Nita Richardson of ADP.
Up next, an ECB rate decision. That
decision about 20 minutes away and
inflation data, more of it. PPI and
jobless claims about 35 minutes away
from New York. You're watching Bloomberg
TV.
There are a lot of non-fundamental
factors that are going to interfere with
markets and cause volatility.
>> The market is finite and we've already
seen some volatile days. It's a little
white knuckle moment that we're going
through. Intact.
>> Liquidity is the most important factor
for these markets to keep on rallying.
>> I think this year we have the chance
that we beat earnings nicely.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
And your scores, the price action
shaping up as follows. We're up by 3/4
of 1% on the S&P, high by 1.2 two on the
NASDAQ on the Russell up by 1.4 in the
bond market yields declining across the
curve throughout much of this morning
we're down by two basis points on twos
down 3 to 4 on 10 heading into this 30
minutes away PPI data at 8:30 Eastern
time alongside jobless claims in America
before we get there at 8:15 we're
gearing up for a rate hike at the ECB.
Yeah, 70 basis points of a rate hiking
ahead priced into the market right now
for the European Central Bank. At a time
where growth is running below where it
is in the United States at a time where
inflation is expected to peak out soon
and then come down at a time that
doesn't have the growth engines in the
places like Europe that the US has with
the likes of artificial intelligence.
Will this be a policy error or will this
be the required step to support the euro
at a time when there are a lot of
questions about why you'd want to invest
in that continent? Should we talk about
the US data as well? PPI 6 handle.
That's what we're looking for. CPI to
four handle.
>> Kevin Walsh is coming up in about a
week. Tough spot for him to be in.
>> Ultimately, we'd be looking at the
highest level going back even beyond
with CPI to 2022 right before the Fed
really engaged a massive rate hiking
cycle right now. Remember that the Fed
has just completed three rate cuts. And
ultimately, Fed Chair uh Worsh is going
to have to convince us that it's enough
just to remain on hold because that
ultimately is the most hawkish that the
market is expecting, but the market is
pricing in right now uh some rate hikes.
>> Well, maybe he got an endorsement
yesterday to remain on hold from the
president of the United States. I was
shocked that the president decided to
say these words into a midterm election
year. Quote, I love the inflation.
>> What did he mean by that?
>> Well, I'll tell you. You know what I
really love? I love the inflation. You
know why? Because as soon as this war is
over, you know, I can say it now. You
know, we've been talking taking out 1
million barrels of oil. Nobody knows it.
You know who doesn't know about it? Iran
until now. Basically saying he likes it
now because it sounds like it's
worrisome for the Iranians, but as soon
as the war is over, it's going to drop.
I thought maybe when I first saw that
headline, he was talking about core
>> and I was like, okay, he's giving a more
nuanced approach to his inflation data.
That is not the message you want going
into November.
>> Politics doesn't do context well. That's
going to get clipped.
and it's going to get replayed again and
again and again into the midterms.
>> People hate the inflation, the savings
rate going down. People feel it every
time they go to the grocery store. They
see it in their airplane tickets. They
see it when they go uh to fill up their
gas tanks. Ultimately, you're right.
Nuance doesn't play. It also is the
tipping point that we're talking about.
Either wages have to start keeping up or
people are going to pull back spending.
And right now, real wages have been
declining at the fastest pace going back
to 2023.
>> If you're in stocks, you're doing okay.
Hey, we're high by 3/4 to 1%. We're
bouncing back in the equity market this
morning. Coming up this hour, we'll
catch up with Sevita Subramanium at Bank
of America warning of too many red flags
for equities. James Athy of Marra as the
ECB gears up for a rate hike and Nita
Richardson of ADP on the latest
inflation data. We begin this hour with
stocks shaking off another slide in tech
as Wall Street awaits the massive SpaceX
IPO. Sevita Subermanium of Bank of
America with a near street low 7,100
yearend price target on the S&P writes
the following. Red flags have emerged.
Take profits. Sevita joins us now for
more. Svita, good morning. Good to see
you.
>> Good morning.
>> Let's get to those red flags. Are they
building and what can you identify this
morning?
>> Yeah, so you know we have a list of 10
things that uh that generally happen
before the market peak and these these
triggers have been sort of toppling over
like dominoes slowly. So in March we saw
you know four out of 10 triggered by
May. Last month we had seven out of 10
triggered. And I think what worries me
is that we're at the point where the
stuff you generally see ahead of market
peaks has happened. 70% of these bare
market indicators generally get tipped
before um you know your average bare
market that we've seen over the last 10
or 20 or 30 years. Um so that's that's
one thing to watch. I think what's
interesting is there still is a lot of
cash sitting on the sidelines. So, I
think that's what gives me some solace
that it's not like prior cycles where
everybody was all in in all equities and
there was not a lot of dry powder on the
on the sidelines. That said, what we've
seen in the market is really just a very
strong speculative bid. So, a couple of
things to note. long-term growth
expectations for earnings are the
highest we've seen in um you know a
couple of years and they're they're
approaching all-time highs higher than
what we saw during the tech bubble. So
speculation is alive and well.
Expectations are very high and this
really sets up the stage stage for
disappointment. Um the second thing I
would look at is just the performance.
So high PE stocks with lofty
expectations have massively outperformed
low PE stocks and this is generally not
what you see in the market and also
signals a little bit more of a
speculative bid that's taking place. Um
you know other things that we've talked
about on the program already. I think
the consumer is in a in an odd spot.
We're seeing you know higher uh higher
paying jobs on pause in terms of demand
because of AI. we are seeing a bit of a
an uptick in in in wage growth for that
lower income cohort. So I think that's
the other bright spot and one of the
reasons that we still like consumer
staples over consumer discretionary. But
I think we're in a tricky market
environment and you really got to pick
your spots.
>> One headwind I want to talk about with
you because I think you've been out
front on this particular issue talking
about this earlier in the year when it
wasn't really on the horizon for many.
The tidal wave of equity supply.
>> Oh yeah. Supply.
>> How much space do we have with it?
That's a question we've repeated
throughout this week.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think what's unnerving
is that in one sector, the biggest
sector in the S&P, the hyperscalers in
tech, you're seeing buybacks slowing,
you're seeing issuance increasing, and
you're seeing new new money coming to
market. So that's all great in terms of,
you know, kind of new exciting shiny
issues, but I think that what that means
is this shrinkage story that we've
enjoyed for public equities for such a
long time is starting to eb rather than
than flow. Um, I don't think it's the
end of the world, but I do think it's
something to watch when we think about
the drivers that have created this
wonderful bull market that we've enjoyed
over the last, you know, 101 15 years
now. Some people would argue that the
reason why shrinkage worked was because
we were in a period of secular
stagnation. And some people are arguing
Pimco in particular that we're emerging
from that into a stickier inflation
environment with higher growth and
higher inflation. And in that scenario,
some of these valuations can continue
climbing, especially when overlaid with
a technological revolution.
>> How do you rebut that? I mean, I think
that might be true over the long haul,
but I think in the near term, it could
be a little bit complicated. Um, so
let's think about what works in a in a
high GDP growth, high inflation
environment. It's usually cyclical
companies. And when you look at the
weight of cyclical companies in the S&P
500, pretty small. So I do I'm bullish
on manufacturing cyclicals, you know,
that whole cohort, but I don't know if
they're big enough to kind of, you know,
drive this market meaningfully higher
over the next 12 to 24 months. And then
when I look at technology, I think
what's what's what's getting a little
bit trickier is there's a lot of
competition now for, you know, what's
the best AI play? And we still don't
know exactly how this will be monetized,
how it will affect consumption. So I
think those are some of the questions we
need to answer along the way in order to
say these multiples can stick. I also
think just real quick um the leverage
and the issuance that we're seeing is
moving in the opposite direction than
what we want to see. So you know the one
selling point of the S&P 500 after the
global financial crisis was all these
companies paid down debt. They had solid
balance sheets and that's starting to
reverse especially for technology and
some of these growth areas.
>> Can you see a broadening out? So it
might be an underperformance of tech, an
outperformance of some of these other
areas that have lagged behind. Yeah.
>> Can you see that without rate cuts? Can
you see that even potentially a rate
hike?
>> Sure. I think we could see a broadening
out with a rate hike. Um I think that it
would be in areas that benefit from
higher nominal GDP growth and higher
inflation. So we love energy. We love
materials. Real estate, I think, could
do okay in that environment. I think the
worst place to be in this scenario is
cash. Cash real yields are terrible
right now. If we get a hike, it means
that they're still going to be terrible
because we're hiking because of
inflation. So I you know I do see money
uh the the opportunity to deploy cash in
areas like large cap value uh dividend
income plays where you're protected
against inflation but also have you know
this growing uh cash return component. I
think that those are the areas that we
really want to focus on going forward.
And if you look at what worked during
the 70s and 80s large cap value crushed
it. we had a a market environment where
high dividend yielding cyclical
companies like energy materials, you
know, inflation protection really
worked. And I think that might be where
we go. I I think energy is seen as just
a hedge against geopolitical risk, but I
think it's a lot more than that. We're
in an environment where power is the
bottleneck for AI and that means we're
going to be doing a lot of moving things
around. We're going to be doing a lot of
building. that is bullish for
commodities writ large and I think
that's where we really want to think
about uh angling our our exposure.
>> Sevita good to see you great fantastic
read appreciate your time. Thank you
very much Sva Subman in there of Bank of
America on the red flags in this market
and a reason to take profits. Equity
futures right now up by 0.7% on the S&P
with an update on news worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has
more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John, thank you. Oracle falling in
the pre-market after reporting about $70
billion in net capex over the next
fiscal year. The software company also
announcing plans to raise another $40
billion in equity and debt next year
2027.
Senator Elizabeth Warren calling for the
SEC to delay the SpaceX IPO. In a letter
to SEC Chair Paul Atkins, Warren saying
she's worried about the company's stock
valuation, governance structure, and the
potential impact on millions of
Americans who will be forced to own
shares in their retirement accounts.
An historic moment in sports, the New
York Knicks making the largest comeback
in NBA Finals history, overcoming a
29point deficit to beat the San Antonio
Spurs in game four. The Knicks looking
to win their first championship in more
than 50 years on Saturday in Texas. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Vonyie, thank you. Thank you for the
update. Up next on the program is the
rate hiking cycle about to begin at the
ECB. We'll catch up with James Athy of
Marra.
the place you want to be is on the chip
side of things because it doesn't seem
like there's any end as far as some of
the spending goes. And when you kind of
look at some of these IPOs that are
going to come out here over the next
couple of months, I mean clearly all of
the those proceeds are going to be
reinvested right into that AI
infrastructure build. Again, the place
to be continues to be seen. It was
Angela Zenino of CFR on the latest
equity market moves. Stocks positive
this morning, up by 3/4 to 1% on the S&P
500. On the Nasdaq 100, up by 1.2% on
the Russell this morning up by 1.3.
That's the equity market story in the
bond market going into this ECB rate
decision. just around the corner. Yields
are lower by two basis points on two
state side on 10's 45165. Big focus will
be on Euro dollar going into this one.
Bremo looking for a 25 basis point hike
from the ECB.
>> Yeah, key question will be how his
message going forward. Is this going to
be part of a rate hiking cycle or is
this going to be a oneandone with a
let's wait and see and be data
dependent? Ultimately, we heard from Ian
Steelely that he thinks that if the Fed
is more dovish, a oneandone that it
would actually be really punitive for
the euro. Other people think potentially
could torpedo growth with a rate hiking
cycle and that could be a problem.
>> Well, there's that rate hike 225 on the
deposit facility at the Euro zone at the
European Central Bank. The ECB deposit
rate at 225. Could do that breaking
whoosh now. Breaking news. No, not
breaking news. All right, we were
looking for 225. There we go. Let's
catch up, guys. It's happening. Euro
dollar 11535. Widely anticipated. Maybe
not breaking news for many people out
there. It's the next move in a guidance
that we're looking for.
>> Yeah. And right now the ECB is saying
that they're not pre-committing to a
particular rate path. So over to you
Christine Lagard to get a sense of
whether there is any kind of signaling
ECB to consider incoming data core
inflation transmission and committed to
ensuring a 2% inflation rate. Do they
take some of the rate hikes that are
being baked into the market off the
table right now seeing much of a
response from markets because they don't
know what to make of this.
>> Ollie Crook in Frankfurt Germany
tracking the decision. Ollie, widely
anticipated. We got the first move. The
focus today is about the second move and
maybe a third. Are we going to get a
second and third?
>> That's absolutely right, Jonathan.
There's a lot of consensus going into
this that this is what it's going to be.
And there you have it. The ECB, the
first major central bank to hike rates
in the wake of the Iran war to deal with
that inflationary shock coming out of
it. The 25 point basis basis point uh
increase in rates as anticipated. The
question, as you say, Jonathan, is the
forward guidance. What kind of tone are
we going to get from Christine Lagard in
about 30 minutes time? I'd like to also
take your attention to some of the other
things that we're also seeing here now
because the other thing that the ECB is
putting out right now is also their
forecast on inflation for the year going
forward. This is absolutely crucial. The
prior forecast for inflation in 2026 was
for 2.6%. It is now for 3%. So you're
getting that inflation readjustment
higher and higher and higher. And as
we've been talking about, it's not just
the headline number. It's not just uh
the the sort of energy inflation figure
that the ECB is looking at. We've seen
core rise substantially. we actually saw
it, you know, accelerate at a faster
pace in a faster acceleration in the
month of May than the headline numbers.
So these are all the issues that are
going to be confronting the ECB. The
question is, is this the beginning of a
rate hiking rate rate hiking cycle?
Depending on who you ask, it's even a
mistake that they're raising rates
today. We spoke to Jeffrey U a little
bit earlier in the week. He said that if
you raise rates this week, you're going
to be cutting by Q4. They clearly don't
want to be articulating the beginning of
a rate hiking cycle. Lisa, just looking
at the language and going through the
statement and the headlines from it and
listening to Wally, it's a central bank
that wants to take it meeting by
meeting. Based on that, that's what
you'd expect to hear from Christine
Lagard in about 20 minutes time,
>> which is why they increase their
inflation expectation over the next
couple of years could potentially you
could interpret this as them not wanting
to curtail growth too quickly and raise
hikes too significantly. It's really
going to be up to her in terms of how
she's messages this because right now
you can read this in different ways.
data dependency, not committing to a
pre-committing to any kind of path could
be taken as a more dovish take. At the
same time, if she comes out and says,
"We're looking squarely at CPI at X
level and we're going to hike again." If
it stays there, well, that's going to be
viewed as hawkish.
>> Ollie, how haunted is this institution,
this committee by 2008 and 2011 and the
hikes they made in those years?
>> Yeah. But what's interesting, John, is
they seem currently more haunted by
2022, right, which was acting too slowly
on the inflation side of things. And
when you think about the stagflationary
dynamic, the message that the ECB is
sending right now is that they're less
worried about stag, they're more worried
about flation. And that is really the
message that you're getting from the
ECB. And just another line crossing
here, looking at the 2026 GDP forecast,
the stagflation side of that, the sort
of growth side, that they see growth at
0.8%. The prior forecast was 0.9%. So
that's just a reduction of growth for
tax uh forecast by about 10 basis
points. That is not something terribly
dramatic. So I do think that for the
ECB, yes, they're haunted by 2011. That
is the big question. They hiked too uh
early. They had to cut rates
immediately. But the other question is
2022 and I think that's probably more
present in their minds right now.
>> It's good to see you Ollie as always.
Thank you, sir. Ollie Crook there in
Frankfurt, Germany on the ECB. These are
the kind of headlines that no central
bank wants to be reading or writing
right now when you have to cut the
outlook for growth and you have to raise
the outlook for inflation not just for
this year but the next year out as well
and that's the position the ECB's in
this morning.
>> Yeah. And if they were a dualmandate
central bank their calculus would be
completely different right now in the
face of stagflation do they continue to
raise rates? They said that the decision
to raise rates was robust across a range
of scenarios that the risk to inflation
still remains uh to the upside. How much
of this is dependent on the situation
with the straight moves? I mean how much
is this completely out of Christine
Lagard's hands altogether and how much
is she watching the headlines and being
like pick one guys we need to come up
with some sort of formula for what we do
>> close to a deal or not? James Ay of
Malbra writes in the following. I
suspect that the guard will want to keep
all options open and so I don't expect a
massively hawkish communication. I
expect her to attend balance and
neutrality. James joins us now for more.
James, welcome to the program. We've got
the hike, 25 basis points. It's not the
news we were looking for that. It's
about the guidance for the next move and
the one after that. How neutral do you
think this central bank president will
be in the news conference 15 minutes
away?
>> Hi, John. Good to see you again. Uh, I
think she'll try. I think we've learned
from from prior experience that
sometimes Madame Lagard does struggle
with the nuance of the communication.
Sometimes I think she tries to use too
many words when when fewer will do. So I
think there's definitely a chance that
there's a misinterpretation.
Generally what we see in those instances
is that somebody else from the executive
probably uh somebody like Philip Lane
will come out and sort of moderate the
message as needed. But certainly this is
a really difficult fluid situation.
Uncertainty around the Middle East today
let alone the forecast horizon is
incredibly high. So clearly no central
bank, including the ECB, wants to box
themselves in.
>> James, if you could channel Christine
Lagarde with just a few words, what
would you say if she were actually going
to be piffy?
>> I try and say as little as possible. I
got to be honest, I'm I'm sort of in
Kevin Walsh's camp in the sense that I
think central bank communication has
just become a cacophony of noise and it
doesn't help anyone. And it doesn't help
markets because it's an incredibly
difficult macro situation that we're
living through and and it's very easy to
get forecasts wrong very quickly and so
communication based on let's be honest
roughly a sort of uh guess as to what
happens two years hence is is very
likely to be very wrong very quickly. So
I think she should say very little
explain that options are open and they
stand ready to do what's needed and I
think that's broadly what she will do.
Does it make sense to you, James, that
you have an ECB that's facing both a
growth shock and a price shock more
significantly than the United States?
That they'd be hiking rates at a time
where the US with robust growth and less
of a price shock, but still a
significant one, wouldn't even consider
a rate hike in the near future.
>> Oh, wow. How long have you got, Lisa?
The answer to that question, I could be
here for absolutely hours. I'm going to
slightly push back on something you said
just just a few minutes ago when you
sort of explained that this might be to
do with the ECB's single mandate. I
think potentially if that is the case
that's ECB really misinterpreting their
own mandate to a significant degree
because if you believe any of the sort
of theories and models that these
central banks use then inflation over
the long term over the forecast horizon
is going to be a function of these sort
of growth potential growth um natural
rate neutral rate you know um
unemployment situation. So all of the
broad economic situation of course has
to feed back into the inflation outlook
over a policy relevant horizon. I think
the get out for a lot of these central
banks in recent years has been inflation
expectations. I'm a big seller of that
as a significant driver. Really what
matters is the labor market, labor
market strength and not just what people
think about inflation but the extent to
which they can actually act on that.
I.e. and workers demand higher wages.
And that's where today could not be
really any more different from the
situation in 2022 where it wasn't just
Russia, Ukraine, and the energy shock
that came on top of just a crazy
situation of closing and then reopening
the global economy and and massive
massive cyclical forces.
>> James, I got to jump in. Got some
headlines coming from the president.
Let's get to this post, this social
media post from the president. The
language is changing quickly in the last
24 hours. the United States will be
hitting Iran, whose Navy, Air Force,
radar, anti-aircraft, and all other
forms of defense, together with most of
its offensive capability are gone, very
hard tonight. He goes on to say, "At
some point in the not too distant
future, we will be taking Car Island and
other oil infrastructure points and
assume total control of their oil and
gas markets, much like we have with
Venezuela, which is working out
brilliantly for both Venezuela and the
United States of America." So they're
the words of the president this morning
and this is the move. Brent crude was a
little bit lower. Now it's a little bit
higher. It's not a major move. We're
close to 94. WTI is around 91. But they
are pretty big headlines from the
president this morning about taking Car
Island. Talking about that in a way that
we haven't heard him talk about in quite
a while.
>> No, these are very bold statements and
it's a U-turn from the president saying
we could see a peace agreement in two to
three days potentially. And off the
heels of the United States already
having fresh strikes when it comes to
going after IRGC targets, the president
saying that they are willing to take Car
Island. Obviously, this is something we
discussed months ago when the conflict
first began. And the president now is
saying that not only that is going to
happen, they're going to be hitting them
very hard. Potentially, oil's not moving
that much higher though for the fact
that you know what, Jonathan, we have
been here a few times with threats from
the president, but at some point you
can't be the boy that cry wolf all the
time. James Athie is still with us.
James, how much weight do you put on
those headlines this morning?
>> Again, this is like, you know, Lee
Fran's just covered it there. This is
this is really really difficult because
we hear so much from the president. He
confuses and contradicts himself. But um
what I will say and I think you know
your own Javier Blast wrote an
interesting piece on this and it's a
dynamic which is being increasingly
talked about is that actually it looks
like the supply response and the demand
response are much closer. So, we've had
this massive negative supply shock of
course, but it seems that the world
economy has been able to dial down that
demand picture significantly. Some oil
is getting through the straits in a way
that we don't yet understand. But
particularly China, the extent to which
their imports of oil and oil products
has has plummeted has really has really
helped to balance the market and I think
that's what Trump is responding to.
>> This adds an extra wrinkle to a news
conference with the ECB president in the
next 20 minutes or so. James Matthew,
thank you, sir. James Ay of Malbra. The
ECB hike in interest rates 25 basis
points. The president claiming he'll hit
Iran hard and very hard and at some
point in the not too distant future take
Car Island. We'll get into the details
in just a moment. From New York City,
you're watching Bloomberg TV.
April 17th, the president told us the
straight of Hummers was about to reopen.
It didn't. We've been told repeatedly
we're getting closer and closer to a
deal. We haven't got one. The president
moments ago saying the US will hit Iran
very hard and he went one step further.
At some point in the not too distant
future, we will be taking Car Island.
We'll spend some time on those headlines
in just a moment. Moments ago, a 25
basis point hike from the ECB. A news
conference 15 minutes away. Some data
this morning in America and PPI comes in
hotter than expected. Mike McKe has
more. Hey Mike.
>> Good morning John. Yes. PPI comes in up
1.1% the same as last month. It was
expected to uh fall off a little bit to
7/10en of a percent gain. So for
year-over-year we're at 6 and a half%
now for PPI for final demand. The core
rate is up 4/10en on the month and that
puts it up 4.9% for the year and the
core x trade is up by 5.1%
that's an 810 rise during the month and
of course that's the category that
includes margins for wholesalers and
retailers. The big issue in April was
that we saw a big jump in services
prices. And uh they're saying uh this
month that uh it's mostly goods. 80% of
the May advance attributable to a 2.8%
rise in goods prices. Prices for final
demand services only up 3/10en of a
percent. So this is probably and I I can
check this very quickly, but I I'm sure
this is basically energy prices uh going
up. It's uh Well, this is interesting.
Final demand goods up 2% 2.8% in May.
The largest increase since the data were
first calculated in December of 2009.
80% traced to a 10% uh 10.7% jump in
prices for final demand energy. So,
headline that caught my eye from the ECB
was that the war is creating inflation
pressures in Europe. Certainly seems to
be doing the same here.
>> Mike McKe, thank you, sir. We'll come
back to you in just a moment. Not a
great mix. the wrong kind of upside
surprise on claims as well. That came in
at 229. The estimate was 220, previous
read 225. Historically, still very low
in the 220s, but not a great mix. When
you look at PPI coming in hotter than
expected this morning
>> to the idea that the US is completely
distinct from Europe, this is
stagflationary light, you know, on the
margins, not stag light, but the idea
that you're having slowing growth or
potentially a slight increase in jobless
claims while also seeing the highest
producer prices or producer prices
rising at the fastest pace since 2022.
Gives you a sense of what we're dealing
with here. And do we reach that tipping
point where the US consumer can't keep
pace? We're facing an energy shock
because of the situation in the Middle
East. The extra wrinkle this morning,
this statement from the president just
moments ago out on social media. I'll
share the quote with you. The United
States will be hitting Iran very hard
tonight. At some point in the not too
distant future, we will be taking Car
Island and other oil infrastructure
points and assume total control of their
oil and gas markets. Tyler Kendall
tracking the story. Hey Tyler.
>> Hey John. Well, clearly a significant
threat and escalation that's been put on
the table from President Trump, but also
one that we've heard from the White
House before. We have to keep in mind
that about 90% of Iranian crude exports
flow through Carg Island. And while the
country does have other export
terminals, none are considered to match
the sort of capacity that Carg Island
filters through every day. This is
raising questions though about what this
actual operation would involve,
including whether that would mean
American boots on the ground. We've
previously heard the administration
float the idea that if they had total
control over the air that may make such
an operation safer actually going into
Car Island, but we'll going to have to
see how this actually plays out as we
know that significant risks still remain
when it comes to the straight of Hermuz
and as Iran threatens that it is only
going to tighten its grip over the
waterway. a statement from the IRGC
overnight saying that they were going to
stop all commercial shipping as they
ramp up their own threats in response to
the US's air strikes overnight. Uh John,
at this point, we'll have to see where
it goes. This has long been in President
Trump's sights, of course, and just
yesterday, the administration did
confirm that it is trying to help more
oil get through the waterway. President
Trump saying that so far the US has
guided nearly 200 vessels since the
ceasefire began.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest. Tyler,
thank you. This was a March, April
conversation. It's June and it's back on
the table when most people in this
market believe and many still do that
this president is committed to
deescalation and not a resumption of
hostilities.
>> Right. But the president continuously
does say this can end the easy way like
a piece of paper at the negotiating
table or a hard way. Has his patience
worn too thin right now and he is
willing to begin hostilities once again?
You have to look now at the direction of
travel of not what he says but actually
what he does. what does happen overnight
and what happens in the next few days
and weeks. Do the United States make a
move on Car Island and then we'll really
know the direction of travel for this
administration.
>> All these stories go together. PPI
coming in hotter than expected off the
back of an energy shock. The president
talking about going into Iran and taking
Car Island. What that looks like, I've
got no idea. But threatening to do just
that, that could exacerbate the energy
shock that we see in the data already.
Where does it leave the central banks?
Can they look through all of this? This
from Deutsche Banker Mark Wall just
moments ago. This is a significant
moment. Not only is this the first ECB
hike since 23, it's also the first hike
by one of the major global central banks
in response to the energy shock that
we're discussing. The ECB is saying that
a look through strategy is not a robust
response. Nita Richardson of ADP is with
us around the table. Nita, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Can you maintain a look through strategy
as a central banker right now? right now
looking through is looking as clear as
mud because you're seeing the inflation
pick up in the good sector. Um that is a
sector that had been uh having some
stability in terms of inflation. Uh the
inflation was in the service side and if
I could link the PPI with the CPI from
yesterday. We also saw a pickup in
housing inflation. Remember housing
inflation was dominating that print uh
just a year and a half ago. So if you're
seeing a rise in housing and a rise in
goods inflation, that is a notable
change that I think it's going to be
hard to look around.
>> John was talking about Mark Wall from
Deutsche Bank. He went on to say the
question is how far can the tightening
cycle go? And he's talking about the
European Central Bank. He said not far
because while there is upside risk to
inflation, there's downside risk to
growth. Is it the same here in the
United States or right now based on what
you're seeing in the labor market? Is
there potentially upside to growth that
people are not pricing in? you know, the
starting point here in the United States
is exceptional and it has been for
years. There is there's there's
something about this economy that keeps
wanting to grow uh despite uncertainty,
despite geopolitical conflict, um it
keeps growing. And that's certainly true
in the labor market. When you look at
all phases of the labor market, whether
it's well, let's just focus on pay. Um
the pay rate has been very stable.
There's no sense of any kind of
inflationary cycle going on in wages and
firms are hiring. We saw two months of
back-toback solid prints. So, it's hard
to say that the labor market is feeling
the tension that we're seeing
geopolitically, but there is some signs
that consumers are withdrawing a bit.
Um, they are responding to higher gas
prices. And how they look through gas
prices is really the question. not what
the Fed can look through, but what can
Main Street look through when it comes
to summer travel?
>> Well, to that point, it's connected to
the jobs picture. We've been hearing all
morning that ultimately we're at a
tipping point where either wages go up
or spending comes in significantly.
Which is it?
>> Well, if you look at wages, they are
going up. They are going up year over
year at a really steady clip. And in
fact, if you look at base in gross, um
they're they continue to grow. But where
they're really um surging, ironically or
maybe relatedly is in the good sector.
When I look at wages for job changes in
construction, natural resources, and
manufacturing, they're all double digits
and they're all higher in terms of their
acceleration rate than they were last
year. When I look at services flat to
declining. So we are seeing a little bit
of an impulse tied to labor shortages in
the good sector and you match that with
wholesale prices today. You're starting
to see these things come together in a
way that you'd rather they stay apart
which is an acceleration in price
points.
>> Are wages going up or bonuses going up?
>> Uh right now just wages and well sorry
right now bonuses. firms are really
reluctant to cut wages. And so they'd
rather to keep their talent, especially
in labor shortages, they'd rather just
give a bonus, but the more sustained
that shortage is, they're going to have
to respond with a more permanent lure
and that's going to be an increase in
the base pay. And that, you know, once
that's permanent and every other bonus
is based on base, so that increases
labor costs broadly. Um, firms are
reluctant to do that. That's kind of the
last resort, but you might start seeing
that over the summer if um these labor
shortages in the good sector uh
continue.
>> Nila, always good to see you in there of
ADP off the back of this hotter than
expected PPI data. If you looked at the
market, market's not really blinking in
the face of somebody's risk right now.
Still positive on the session, erasing
some of the gains, but still up by a
third of 1% on the S&P 500. If you check
out the bond market, front end of the
yield curve, yields are up by a single
basis point, Lisa, just 415. And as for
crude, WCI and Bren up by not even 1% of
the back of those headlines from the
president.
>> There are so many different things being
thrown at this market, it almost feels
like, you know, when you have all the
pistons firing like this and everything
just goes straight. It's sort of like
the paddling duck, right? And at what
point are people just sort of unable to
price in one direction because there's
so many narratives that are competing
with one another.
what Milo was just saying about the
inflationary impulse is important and it
suggests that maybe the Fed should be
the one not looking through this, not
necessarily the ECB that it's looking at
a lot of downside risks to growth.
>> Mike McKe still standing by going
through the data. Mike, have you got
more? What do you see on a second look?
>> Well, I think the thing that really
stands out to me is not so much the
energy price increases, although we saw
a lot uh including a very big increase
in diesel prices. That's to be expected,
but it looks like we're starting to see
some of these war- related costs spread
beyond the energy sector in final demand
goods. Uh we're seeing it in plastics,
we're seeing it in materials, industrial
chemicals, uh and natural gas, uh
liquids also rose. So, uh this is the
kind of thing that the Fed has been more
afraid of that it's not just a passing
energy thing that it starts to get into
other parts of the economy. Uh we also
saw a big rise 4.8% 8% in the portfolio
management services area which does feed
into the PCE. So, good news for Jamie
Diamond and his friends on Wall Street.
Bad news though for uh the folks who are
tracking inflation uh from the EC the
PCE target side.
>> Mike McKe, thank you sir. Jamie Diamond
and his friends on Wall Street making
lots of money from a certain IPO. I've
got some headlines to share with you.
The SpaceX IPO said to draw more than
$70 billion in retail orders alone. said
to allocate at least 20% of the IPO to
retail investors. The orders for
institutional investors closed just
after the close yesterday. Today is
about pricing the IPO. Already picked a
price before the road show even started.
Quite a bizarre process here with
SpaceX. It starts to trade tomorrow.
Yeah, the idea of retail investor
participation goes to the cult of Elon
Musk and how much it's really cultivated
this entire Reddit crowd of people who
are enthusiasts enthusiasts in space and
robots and uh artificial intelligence
and ultimately it highlights the
different composition of some of the
investor base of this particular
issuance whether it comes to retail
investors or whether it comes to just
the general float in passive funds and
that is what people are looking at when
they say maybe we should get ahead of
that.
>> What a moment for financial markets
worldwide. We're going to see one of the
biggest IPOs we've ever seen, if not the
biggest IPO we've ever seen in the next
24 hours. We're pushing a lot of equity
down the throat of this equity market at
a time where prices are started to rise
off the back of an inflation shock that
might be exacerbated further by
presidential action and central banks
are starting to respond. The first major
central bank, the ECB, hiking rates by
25 basis points. Ara Jersey of Bloomberg
Intelligence is with us for more. Ira,
do we have the space for all of this?
Are these central banks just going to
sit by and watch or will they follow
what the ECB's just done?
>> Well, I I think the Federal Reserve is
going to sort of push and pull here
because there's a lot of doves who are
looking at some underlying information
and data in the the labor market as well
as some of this inflation data and
suggesting that hey, this is the peak,
right? So, we have to keep in mind that
they're going to be thinking about what
happens over the next three, six months,
a year. Um and when you even look at the
inflation markets right now and you look
at what the market's pricing um this
supposed to be the high this month and
and in in May and then it will moderate
over the course of time. So so so I
think that that the Federal Reserve in
particular will probably sit on its
hands for most if not all of this year.
Um but I think there is the increasing
risk that if the economy does remain
good and wages continue to to climb at a
reasonably decent pace that uh the Fed's
next move might be a hike. Now, it might
not be till 2027, but the market's going
to price that well in advance.
>> What's your reaction to the ECB this
morning? You've been around for a while.
We all remember the hikes from 2011,
2008. Do you think they should be
conditioned by that, the mistake they
made all those years ago or conditioned
by how slow they were coming out of the
pandemic?
>> Well, I I think for for the ECB, it's a
little bit different, right? Because
keep in mind, they have a single
mandate, right? So, their mandate is
price stability. So, um so they have to
take that into account. And I I think
that they are not going to be overly
aggressive, however, because they also
realized that if they go too fast that
that could actually um you know, harm
the economy much more. But this was well
telegraphed, right? We all knew that
they were going to increase rates this
month. Um you know, Hugh Worthington, my
colleague in in London, who covers the
ECB. One of the things that that he's
noted is, you know, their inflationary
environment is actually much worse than
it is here in the US in many respects
because energy is actually a larger part
of their of their basket and they don't
have as much domestic production as we
do here in the United States. So, um so
so there actually are shortages in some
places and in some industries. So, um so
it is much different and and they need
to crimp demand a little bit there um in
order to uh in order to make sure that
they meet their mandate.
>> RA, good to see you buddy as always.
Sarah Jersey of Bloomberg Intelligence.
Lisa, you've talked about that
repeatedly endlessly. The difference
between the central banks, a very
different mandate.
>> Well, yeah, and I I I appreciate that
James Athie pushed back on that saying
that if you have a single mandate, the
idea that slower growth is going to lead
to lower inflation could be actually
offsetting and creating a dual mandate.
Okay. Uh but moving forward there is a
real key question here which is is this
the appropriate response to cretail
demand especially at a time remember a
lot of these governments are borrowing
more money to finance the gaps in terms
of helping people pay for more gasoline.
So in other words it's not going to
necessarily create more of a price
response or slow demand. It's just going
to increase the bill for all of the
governments that are going to try to
plug this by uh by borrowing money and
then giving handouts. I mean this is a
really interesting moment. What a crazy
30 minutes for financial markets right
right now just ignoring it all future
still just about positive. Let's get you
an update on news worldwide in just the
last 30 minutes or so with your
Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has more.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Exactly. We'll start with
recapping the data we just got. So May
producer prices coming in just slightly
hotter than expected 6 and a half%
year-over-year compared to estimates for
6.4%.
Jobless claims came in at 229,000 last
week and that was above the estimate for
220,000.
Then President Trump posting that the US
will be taking control of Car Island,
quote, at some point in a truth social
post, adding that he is also planning to
assume control of the island's oil and
gas markets and vowing to strike Iran
quote very hard. Tonight,
the European Central Bank also hiking
interest rates for the first time since
2023. The central bank raising inflation
expectations while lowering growth
projections in the years ahead. The ECB
president Christine Lagard is set to
speak in just a few minutes. And that is
your bimber brief. John
>> Bonnie, thank you. Thank you for that.
In just a moment, we'll take that news
conference with the ECB president,
Christine Lagard. We can take pictures
of that right now. You can see the
photos have just started. You'll get the
introductory remarks. When it begins,
we'll actually go to it. In the
meantime, we've got to track the the
latest developments coming from the
president threatening to strike Iran
once again and going one step further in
the last 20 minutes.
>> One step further, saying potentially
very soon we could be taking Car Island.
You know, a viewer messaged me and said,
"Well, which isn't Amory? Is it we're
very close to a deal which the president
continues to repeat or are we imminently
about to take Car Island? Thank you for
for your attention to this matter
according to this viewer. Well, we don't
know right now with the president
because he is doubling down on wanting
to go after Iran today after his
messaging yesterday as well as kinetic
activity yesterday. It's a very bold
statement. At this point, you have to
watch what he does, not what he says.
>> Brent Crew, just bring up the prices
right now for Brent, for WTI in the
commodity market. We're up by just a
half of 1% off the back of a major
threat from the president to really
escalate things in the Middle East. We
have barely blinked in the commodity
market. I've talked about this level
repeatedly. 98's the high of the week.
It was on Monday and things have got
worse, not better since then. And we're
trading at 93 on Brent.
>> Verbal intervention isn't working
anymore. I That's the takeaway in either
direction. Either up or down. verbal
intervention is not being bought by the
market because it's been deployed enough
times where it hasn't come to fruition
that people have learned to ignore it.
At a certain point, there is this
feeling that it is to escalate to
deescalate and that it seems to be what
people are banking on right now.
>> How far can these tightening cycles go
at central banks? It's quite a moment.
It's the first rate hike from a major
central bank. 25 basis points to your
point from Deutsche Bank this morning.
Not far is their answer. They only think
that one more rate hike can get into uh
the pipeline that is in September and
then after that not so much as people
look to the deceleration in growth in
the region.
>> How vulnerable are they to events taking
place elsewhere right now? These
headlines crossing the president on the
phone to Fox News at the moment saying
that my preference has always been to
take KG